i never thought i had a trauma until i heard of rubyph spare the philippines !	2
thousands evacuate as philippines braces for typhoon hagupit .	1
philippine storm kills 27 , but no damage to manila .	1
At 4 am pst , typhoon rubyph was at 942 km east of hinatuan , surigao del sur w/ max sustained winds of 175 kph .	1
as of 11 am today , storm warning signals raised over the following areas .	1
store food and clean potable water before the typhoon arrives .	2
we caught 3 days of typhoon hagupit's motion over philippines , .	2
pagasa , hagupit likely to make landfall in eastern visayas once it enters par by thursday morning , it will be named ruby .	1
well , i only have myself to save if everything turns upside down .	2
typhoon hagupit may try for a near-repeat of deadly super typhoon .	2
map shows the path of typhoon hagupit as it cuts through central philippines .	1
Video , typhoon to make landfall in the philippines in 48 hours .	1
typhoon hagupit pummels the philippines , killing at least two , .	1
god , please take care of us .	2
might be another big one sure hope not .	2
goodnight everyone hope that wont be so destructive tom and coming days .	2
strong typhoon is coming again !	2
now hagupit has confirmed as a tropical storm by jma .	1
please hagupit , keep away from the philippines this christmas season .	2
super typhoon with winds of 240 kph per the jtwc still significant strengthening ahead posing serious threat to .	1
montejo , let us take all the necessary precautions without having to panic .	2
may our faith be greater than our fear .	2
typhoon hagupit reminds tacloban of past horror cnn .	2
We are watching you !	2
nasa measures typhoon hagupit's philippine rainfall from space .	1
tips for filipino kids during a typhoon !	2
korea is to send international rescue team to the philippines to help recovering the nation damaged by hagupit .	1
football , philippine-thailand match may be postponed due to hagupit sportstapapp .	2
wind field of hagupit expanded after eyewall replacement cycle , intensification likely to continue for next 12 hours .	1
lord save my hometown cycline .	2
more than one million flee as typhoon hagupit sweeps across the philippines .	1
Typhoon hagupit expected to make landfall in philippines this saturday , with weaker winds than haiyan preparations are underway .	1
the jma track for hagupit .	1
sudden increase of prices and panic buying here in guiuan .	1
all aircraft to stay away from the philippines .	1
what about upvtc will they play a waiting game to see if the storm curves upward tomorrow that's a dangerous game you're playing .	2
it is in their interest that we prepare ourselves to help those who may be affected by this storm .	2
typhoon hagupit crosses the philippines with reports of fewer casualties than many feared ..	2
i'll go with jma's track and the rest of meteorological agencies in the east asian region .	2
fwiw gfs & its ensemble system completely failed on hagupit forecast track e.g. straight runner landfall .	2
hi we live in cebu , is there any chance the center/eye of hagupit will fall here ?	2
our response teams are now in the philippines & are preparing to assess the extent of the damage in eastern samar , where hagupit first hit .	1
typhoon , we are still praying latest field report from tacloban rubyph .	2
forecasts widen scope of typhoon hagupit , millions of people in the philippines have been evacuat .	1
wp tropical storm hagupit advisory , 41 , 35kt/40mph winds , 13.2 n 113.2 e , moving , wsw at 8kt/9mph tropics .	1
thank you globe for not turning the signal down da best ka !	2
inform and warn don't scare and cause a panic don't be an asshole .	2
homes flattened as typhoon hagupit roars through philippines 1.2 million people evacuated .	1
massive evacuation as typhoon hagupit nears philippines , by rosemarie francisco manila , reuters , more than .	1
super typhoon hagupit approaching philippines .	1
update , located 20 km southeast of masbate city , masbate , 12.2 n , 123.7 e .	1
hagupit category 4 now .	1
typhoon slams into philippines , toppled power lines , ripped off roofs , rising water in samar .	1
typhoon hagupit slams into philippines 1 million evacuated in largest peacetime evacuation in history .	1
disaster teams and thousands of volunteers on standby as typhoon approaches .	1
Hagupit is expected to enter par tomorrow morning understand more the 2 possible scenarios released by pagasa .	1
god protect us in the coming of the typhoon .	2
let's pray for the safety of visayas and mindanao .	2
super typhoon looks like swallowed of mobile tower inside .	1
god i pray for my country's safety .	2
the jtwc says hagupit to be a super typhoon with speeds of 240 kmph gusting up to a massive 300 kmph .	1
editor's note , as typhoon hagupit has just recently made landfall in the eastern philippines , reports have not .	1
cnn reports from wind-hit legazpi , flooding and mudslides have become a major concern as typhoon hagupit forces thousands into shelters .	1
how many cheeseburgers must we not eat by saturday if we want to stop typhoon .	2
pray for protection , not for suspension .	2
whilst surviving my tv choices include .	2
holy crap , hoping that the philippines stays safe during hagupit sending my love .	2
flash , depression 22w has intensified as tropical storm and its current max wind speed is 65 km/h .	1
rainfall so far from typhoon as of 2 am monday pht , 1 pm sunday est .	1
charge your phones , save emergency numbers !	2
i think jtwc finally gave in to ecmwf guidance on .	2
post edited , ferocious typhoon hagupit hits philippines .	1
looks like the hagupit eye is clearing out again .	2
dtn italy , typhoon sweeps across philippines , hundreds of thousands take shelter as typhoon hagupit sweeps .	1
tropical storm hagupit , nw pacific ocean , winds 45 kt , gusts 55 kt , reported by jtwc .	1
typhoon hagupit woke me up , not surprised .	2
typhoon hagupit , philippines villagers shelter from storm bbc news , .	1
colleagues at are preparing for every possibility as typhoon hagupit nears the philippines .	1
coming to philippines prepare storage drinks and feed stay safe .	2
prepare for super storm hagupit it has the strength and path of last year's yolanda .	2
Update , 10 pm today 07 dec , 2014 , typhoon ruby hagupit was located 70 km northwest of masbate city , masbate , 12.6 n , 123.0 e .	1
weather satellite feed as of dec 04 , 2014 12:00 am .	1
1200z 1 dec 14 jtwc atcf track , image , tropical storm 22w , hagupit , .	1
let us all pray hagupit will not be as harmful as yolanda keep safe and have faith amen .	2
great news that there are still only three confirmed deaths from typhoon .	2
typhoon 1/2m+ evacuated so far , latest info , as of 5 dec , .	1
typhoon making landfall now in the philippines .	1
super typhoon analysis , from haiyan to hagupit what changed .	2
hagupit kills more than 20 in philippines .	1
let's not wish the typhoon on japan naman if you're gonna indulge in wishful thinking anyway , wish that it'll dissipate instead .	2
astronomical high tide in calbayog , waves splashing onto the main highway .	1
take care everyone !	2
doh hospitals , offices on buddy system for rubyph .	1
hagupit in tagalog means violence , go away rubi hagupit !	2
PecojonPH has called for an emergency cwc meeting in tacloban to address typhoon .	1
almost like watching a horror movie in slow motion .	2
super strengthens , threatens philippines .	2
live blog , tracking hagupit .	1
hello hurricane , you're not enough hello hurricane , you can't silence my love .	2
Hagupit still in hide and seek !	2
typhoon hagupit is already battering the philippines .	2
typhoon now making landfall in eastern samar , with winds of 175 to 210 kph , and rainfall up to 30 mm per hour .	1
at 2pm , tropical storm hagupit was estimated at 2325 km east of mindanao with maximum winds of 75 kph , gust 90 kph , moving wnw at 35 kph .	1
alert list , 56 critical areas due to manila , philippines the government on .	1
typhoon hagupit weakens after slamming into philippines .	1
japan meteorological agency assigned the code typhoon , ty , 1422 to super typhoon hagupit-ruby , the salient .	1
lord , keep us all safe as the typhoonhagupit nears manila .	2
reading the news about hagupit sends me chills prayers guys .	2
why do you have to name it to typhoon is the international name too foreign sounding .	2
anyone have photos you took of preparations being made ahead of hagupit if so please share for use on .	2
many people are fueling up their vehicles and are getting ready for the typhoon that is said to hit .	2
1200z 3 dec 14 jtwc atcf track , typhoon 22w , hagupit , .	1
source , wundermap update , typhoon hagupit as of , december 5 , 2014 3:00 pm maximum winds , 233.4 kph gusts , 281.6 kph movement , 14.4 kph .	1
poor people of tacloban no full hit this year but affected by hagupit anyway .	2
please join me in prayer for those who are in the path of typhoon hagupit .	2
typhoon hagupit hits philippines , a massive typhoon made landfall in the east-central philippines late .	1
typhoon hagupit barreling through the philippines .	1
click , powerful super typhoon , 239+kph blog & maps on site .	1
philippines capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 21 dead .	1
32 million in philippines in path of super typhoon hagupit .	1
how accurate is jma in forecasting ?	2
sending prayers for the philippines , a major typhoon hagupit threatens the island and millions will feel the impact .	2
typhoon hagupit , at least three dead and a million evacuated in philippines .	1
more rains ? more wind ? or both ?	2
philippines rushing to send relief supplies to hagupit survivors as they begin cleaning up .	1
Cat 5 , 175 mph / 281.6 kph , dir wnw 12 kts @ 640 nm ese of manila , pi seas @ 50 .	1
hagupit weakens as it nears philippine capital manila bbc news .	1
philippines prepares for typhoon hagupit as 500,000 people flee coast .	1
all is calm in makati , not a hint of hagupit .	2
thousands flee as hagupit nears philippines .	1
extended forecast from jma .	1
oh no poor philippines , not again !	2
in the philippines , more than 1 million flee typhoon hagupit , the storm toppled trees and flooded neighborhood .	1
video , homes hit by typhoon hagupit , several homes have been damaged by typhoon hagupit in the philippines , .	1
death toll from typhoon hagupit rises in philippines , the number killed by the unete a .	1
are you in or around the philippines i heard about typhoon hagupit .	2
god hear our prayer .	2
dswd says ready with food packs , shelters for hagupit .	1
typhoon ruby , hagupit , aftermath , tacloban city rubyph .	1
update and q+a , msf surgical team in philippines for typhoon hagupit .	1
looks strong should be named hagupit in the afternoon sea level pressure at chuuk was 1005.5 hpa at .	1
typhoon hagupit weakens , but filipinos fear future storms .	2
praying this storm turns away .	2
philippines centered in the middle of this satellite image typhoon hagupit getting better organized .	1
faith in god jesus and the stormy sea .	2
suomi npp satellite takes a close-up shot of super typhoon .	1
hoping and praying that the typhoon spares the philippines let's be prepared .	2
attention to all valued sky subscribers , advisory from skycable regarding typhoon hagupit .	1
our teams are closely monitoring & greatly concerned about typhoon , on path for philippines & increasing in speed and intensity .	2
wish people in philippines are get through with this disaster .	2
so should i not turn my morning alarms on ?	2
here's the updated list of precautionary measures for hagupit , .	1
hamilton was looking forward to going to ormoc he wishes families there will be safe fr |via .	2
current path projections as of tweet time , is really bad will hit that area devastated by haiyan .	2
wp tropical storm hagupit advisory , 6 , 60 kt/69 mph winds , 6.2 n 145.1 e , moving , at 19 kt/22 mph tropics .	1
activists respond to typhoon hagupit , and show solidarity with the philippines .	2
wp tropical storm hagupit advisory , 4 , 45 kt/52 mph winds , 5.9 n 149.1 e , moving , wnw at 16 kt/18 mph tropics .	1
stay safe philippines & share these important hotlines and don't forget to charge your phones !	2
1$ usd for a cause-super-typhoon hagupit , i'm raising money for eye care global fund , click to donate , .	2
this is a prayer request not a prophecy .	2
to all in the philippines , stay safe !	2
live updates , tropical cyclone ruby , manila , philippines typhoon hagupit will be named ruby as it enters philippines .	1
typhoon hagupit , more than half a million philippines residents flee storm surge .	1
are you preparing for hagupit rubyph here's an emergency food checklist to help you , .	2
typhoon hagupit , 100000 flee as storm approaches , at least 100000 people have fled coastal areas of the phil .	1
landslides caused by hagupit in samar and partner assessment .	1
tropical storm with international name 2,450 km east of mindanao and expected to be in par on thursday .	1
another storm is coming not again , lord please our province has not fully recovered yet .	2
what is storm surge ?	2
let's all get ready for hagupit , preparation is key !	2
nature does not negotiate , climate catastrophe is with us now !	2
strong waves crash into coastal houses as typhoon hagupit pounds legazpi , albay .	1
millions on high alert of threat as typhoon hagupit nears philippines .	1
winds are getting stronger , but worst still to come considering hagupit has not yet landfall .	2
typhoon hagupit weakens but the risk of flooding and storm surges remains .	1
all the people philippines are in my thoughts and prayers as super typhoon approaches .	2
update , joint typhoon warning center's forecast track for typhoon as of 11 am .	1
two contending morons , one wants to pray away hagupit another says we should split typhoon with japan who wins .	2
very strong waves carried off these boats to a cemetery in milagros masbate .	1
new rubyph arrival in metro manila , ruby strongest at 8-10 pm monday .	1
powerful typhoon nears philippines , tens of thousands seek shelter as powerful typhoon hagupit heads towards .	1
food , water and shelter pre positioned sat phones charged and checked typhoon , we still would like you to leave us alone !	2
un using crowdsourcing platform to help assess damage caused by typhoon hagupit .	1
more than two dozen are dead in the aftermath of typhoon hagupit .	1
our thoughts and prayers as another supertyphoon threatens our land .	2
predicted path/track of typhoon hagupit .	1
a blessed sunday to all !	2
to all our friends in the philippines do take care !	2
tools and apps to get you updated with the latest updates about typhoon hagupit .	1
philippines demands robust 2015 climate deal as tragedy of hagupit unfolds .	2
hagupit nearing the philippines with winds of 150 mph strong winds , flooding rain , and deadly storm surge by saturday .	1
typhoon still outside of par , but now with 130 kph sustained winds & 160 kph gusts increasing possibility of landfall .	1
help us pray for the typhoon go away from tacloban , we just built our home , its been a year now and we dont nd another to destroy it .	2
international space station flyby of super typhoon hagupit .	1
keep safe guys god blesss rubyph .	2
a broken roadway can be fixed a broken sea , brace yourself 800 nm off typhoon hagupit .	2
habitat for humanity has launched an appeal to assist families affected by typhoon hagupit in philippines .	1
i know the last several days i have been saying there is still debate on hagupit making landfall i think debate is over now it is coming .	2
jtwc upgrades tropical disturbance invest to tropical depression 22w .	1
dem workers are no show because of the storm , how now , room .	2
current projected path of typhoon hagupit .	1
current projected path of tropical storm hagupit .	1
weather update , rains and moderate to strong winds in masbatecity at 4:30 pm today , dec 6 .	1
official list of localities , typhoon ruby , hagupit , storm surge advisory .	1
singapore moves to assure manila of relief help as typhoon hagupit nears channel news asi singapore .	1
typhoon hagupit , the philippines , still scared by last year's devastating super typhoon haiyan , braced itself .	2
this is the tropical cyclone information update of jma regarding typhoon hagupit local philippine name ruby .	1
what you need to know about the approaching super typhoon .	2
i can feel you now typhoon ruby/hagupit @ sa kwarto naming mint green .	2
was following it's predicted path slightly north of areas devastated by super typhoon last year .	1
downgraded from super typhoon , but residents of philippines still warned storm could be deadly , .	1
typhoon in the western pacific is intensifying could become a super typhoon need to watch it !	2
palms start to get a thrashing in calbayog typhoon .	1
in preparation for typhoon , we're also broadcasting radio messages so older people can be ready to evacuate .	1
tacloban team is safe & reporting minor damages , manila team ready for deployment .	1
high resolution virs satellite image of super typhoon hagupit on course for the philippines , .	1
aftermath in tacloban , as of 6:50 am , ph time , dec 7 .	1
typhoon hagupit is now in the process of moving inland , wind speeds reported in excess of 120 km/hr .	1
nearly 600,000 filipinos flee fearing typhoon hagupit's menacing advance , .	1
typhoon hagupit heads menacingly toward philippines wall street journal .	1
typhoon hagupit churnso towards philippines capital after killing 23 .	1
this latest nasa satellite tracker of typhoon hagupit curves north near philippines .	1
philippines typhoon hagupit evacuation stepped up bbc news .	1
news , typhoon hagupit , food aid distributions begin .	1
typhoon hagupit's current max wind speed is 130 km/h , cat-1 hurricane .	1
map of critical areas to be affected by hagupit rubyph 60% likely to hit philippines saturday dec 6 .	1
clean canals and drainage that may possibly be the cause of flooding in your area .	2
done packing all my things cause ruby is coming !	2
morning all here's the latest 5 day forecast track for typhoon from jma , japan , .	1
typhoon hagupit churnso twards philippine capital after killing 23 .	1
hoping that hagupit would recurve , veer towards north and melts itself in the ocean before it reaches other countries .	2
wow , hagupit is now a typhoon scream headlines in philippines newspapers quite an intellectual achievement there .	2
i was mistaken , calbayog being hammered by strong wind & torrential rain , strongest so far .	1
our thoughts are w/ people of philippines as category 5 typhoon inches closer to landfall this weekend .	2
asean offers support to philippines in the wake of typhoon .	1
unicef mobilizes to reach children and families affected by hagupit rubyph , .	1
panahontv at 4 pm today , typhoon hagupit was estimated at 1278 km east of hinatuan , suri .	1
people running for safety as winds get fierce and rain starts to get heavy .	1
overheard a housemate saying , let's wash our laundry because reports say rubyph will arrive this week mindanao preparedness .	2
tropical storm may have eyes on philippines several days away and watching it closely .	2
please , stay save , people on the philippines .	2
for latest and how to help , .	2
journey into rubyph aftermath , clearing trees in samar to reach worst-hit families .	1
calbayog waterfront as typhoon nears .	1
another strong storm will hit my country the philippines this weekend please pray for their safety .	2
philippines , typhoon hagupit weakens , msf teams to assess samar doctors without borders , doctor .	1
hagupit hammers the philippines , strong winds and pounding rain hit the philippines as typhoon hagupit moves .	1
so incredibly worried for the children & families in the philippines including those at our sos children's villages .	2
int'l name , fast approaching the par & was last spotted at 2405 km east of mindanao possible scenarios , .	1
no more candles and trash bags .	2
godbless philippines , god is in control !	2
dr. masters says , super typhoon hagupit closes in on the philippines .	1
what is storm surge department of health ?	2
monitoring news on hagupit typhoon like some paranoid person but srsly this ones scary do not make landfall pls .	2
let's keep track of this folks .	2
an army of airbenders could dissipate hagupit .	2
should i be worried ?	2
asean is closely monitoring the situation in philippines re typhoon hagupit for necessary assistance .	1
three dead but no major damage in hagupit .	1
as of 11:53 pm list of areas where class suspensions had been announced in anticipation of ty hagupit .	1
as of 4:00 am today , tropical storm hagupit , international name , was estimated at 2,485 km east of mindanao .	1
people are still traumatized from last year's yolanda it's really disheartening to hear that will hit leyte and samar islands again .	2
let's be prayerful and ready for .	2
let's pray for everyone's safety .	2
in the midst of this storm , the filipino spirit of fortitude , resilience , and caring will prevail .	2
satellite tracks a strengthening typhoon .	1
surely typhoons aren't allowed at this time of year somebody should do something .	2
incredibly busy day for plan as we conduct simultaneous assessments in samar provinces , tacloban , leyte & masbate .	2
wx update , typhoon hagupit spotted at 942 km ne of hinatuan , surigao del sur or 1023 km e surigao city .	1
latest track of typhoon .	1
hoping for the best possible outcome for the philippines .	2
every time there is hurricane at philippines there's a climate change conference .	2
incoming typhoon 130 kph in the center , gusts up to 160 kph .	1
nasa satellite data shows hagupit dropped almost 19 inches of rainfall .	1
philippines braces for arrival of typhoon hagupit new york times .	2
wp typhoon hagupit advisory , 7 , 70 kt/81 mph winds , 6.1 n 143.5 e , moving , at 17 kt/20 mph tropics .	1
typhon barrels toward philippines , rain lashed parts of the philippines on saturday as typhoon hagupit barrele .	1
typhoon currently located 950 km from par and it would reach par area in 24 hours around 12 utc 03 dec 2014 .	1
urgent prayer , please join us in praying that our team and the filipino people would be spared from hagupit .	2
mary mother of god protects people of philippines who are still recovering from haiyan please , help people during typhoon .	2
typhoon is stronger packing max sustained winds of 175 kph , gustiness of up to 210 kph .	1
please spare us from typhoon hagupit rubyph in jesus name amen !	2
death toll from typhoon hagupit rises in phi .	1
typhoon hagupit doesn't hit manila till tomorrow so they're relieved to have arrived safely .	2
chinese fishing fleet anchored off basilan to avoid hagupit allowed to sail home navy .	1
as typhoon hagupit continues on its path through the central philippines , the red cross is supporting affected .	1
typhoon hagupit , over half a million evacuated in the phillippines video .	1
as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief by austin ramzy nyt .	2
differing forecasts widen scope of typhoon hagupit .	1
it is getting serious more likely to follow the track of typhoon ruping , 1990 , or super typhoon yolanda , 2013 .	2
pagasa , ruby is expected to make landfall in masbate sunday afternoon .	1
it's better to prepare , than to repair .	2
hope you left already philippines starts evacuations as typhoon hagupit heads .	2
so how did become an international name for a typhoon ?	2
this am at cop20 , activists showed solidarity with philippines during typhoon stop the madness !	2
this does not look good , aiming straight across philippines , including tacloban .	2
to our pinoy friends , be careful during hagupit .	2
japan just always pray and newsread , na lang !	2
leaves flooding in this street in tacloban today .	1
depending on its track , typhoon hagupit could influence the weather in canada find out more , .	2
in the western pacific , typhoon hagupit has winds of 105 mph with a pressure of 955 mbars movement is wnw at 20 mph .	1
over 40 provinces may be hit by typhoon .	2
keep children out of the water they are curious and often lack judgment about running or contaminated water .	2
ready to make landfall in philippines near tacloban .	1
what a name for a tropical storm .	2
is this really happening all over again ?	2
jtwc 5 again is left of the previous track now flyby south of yap like jma .	1
supertyfoon jtwc just upgraded max sustained winds of 150 mph .	1
another unrestful day coming up where did you come from ?	2
typhoon hagupit images .	1
hagupit , how philippenes is bracing for yet another typhoon hagupit , how philippenes is bracing for yet another .	2
typhoon gathering speed expected to enter ph area of responsibility early evening tomorrow .	1
We are up & gathering reports & preparing to go out to assess needs .	2
omg theres a typhoon at hagupit in to the lovely filipinos pls be safe , i'm done praying for your safety .	2
to all those who are going to be directly affected by typhoon , may god bless you all .	2
make sure that all your donations will really reach benefit the victims of typhoon hagupitruby .	2
conditions at 7 pm phst in guiuan , philippines .	1
one child venturing out during typhoonhagupit that umbrella ain't gonna do much !	2
jtwc confirms hagupit weakening on 06 dec 2014 , so max forecasts say typhoon would hit philippines let's wait and watch .	2
examine your house and repair its unstable parts .	2
i hope that the government has learned its lesson after so that errors would not be repeated .	2
typhoon hagupit tears down homes , leaves two dead .	1
flights canceled , evacuations begin in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears wall street journal .	1
philippines is preparing for typhoon hagupit , which is expected to hit saturday , .	1
stay safe , dry and well during the storm .	2
typhoon hagupit passing through central philippine raw video .	1
without the ike dike concept , this could be houston .	2
hi ladies !	2
if you must really pass by ph , just please be kind people from that area had too much already .	2
we are praying for you philippines !	2
typhoon hagupit leaves 27 dead in philippines , heads for capital .	1
ndrrmc , typhoon may bring 215mm of rainfall may cause flooding and landslides .	1
to all of our friends in the philippines that have been affected by typhoon , you are in our thoughts tonight .	2
Hagupit will enter philippines be ready guys !	2
locals are comparing typhoon hagupit's destruction on social media .	2
lord have mercy to philippines rubyph .	2
to be a typhoon hagupit has to hit yap with winds speed of 130 km/h on 04 dec 2014 05:30 hours utc .	1
catastrophic super typhoon hagupit is scary .	2
bantayan island and northern cebu area has now been upgraded to a signal 2 warning as the storm .	1
new metop image of hagupit from 01:25 utc today , friday , .	1
good morning everyone natrice from canada checking in what's the latest news on .	2
alert , typhoon has entered the philippine area of responsibility .	1
ahuh a super typhoon is coming stop worrying god is in control .	2
thoughts/prayers for everyone in the path of typhoon hopefully lessons from haiyan will save lives .	2
iped alum , josh kyller 11 , was recently interviewed about the effects of typhoon hagupit in the philippines .	2
typhoon , t1422/22w , is moving west-northwest toward , read more , .	1
typhoon , why the philippines again , powered by ferocious winds , typhoon hagupit is whipping towards central .	2
leyte , tacloban ready to help samar island rubyph .	1
what a monster !	2
instead of problem you can call it challenge .	2
photos , philippines cleans up after typhoon hagupit .	1
typhoon hagupit headed toward philippines humanitarian crisis feared .	1
philippines braces for super typhoon in midst of u.n. climate summit .	2
typhoon alert expected to hit the philippines as early as wednesday prayers friends .	2
hagupit to become super-typhoon in 48 hours .	1
class suspensions for december 4 , 2014 , thursday , .	1
the weather is gloomy and dark clouds are looming up ahead !	2
this map uses sentinel1 data to detect waters in the philippines after , .	1
i hope jma would change the track towards north by tomorrow .	2
i pray that the philippines will be spared from any potential damage of typhoon .	2
stay indoors and keep safe during this storm .	2
one can never be too ready or prepared .	2
typhoon hagupit , death toll leaps higher in philippines .	1
typhoon hagupit makes landfall in eastern samar near city of dolores , cnn meteorologist reports .	1
typhoon hagupit tears into philippines , more than 1m flee to shelters away from coastal areas and landslide-pr .	1
i may not be able to tweet for 3 days depends on the networks signal and battery supply .	2
latest jma tracking forecast for hagupit , .	1
let us pray for those who are in the path of typhoon rubyph , hagupit , that god may protect them .	2
philippines get ready for the storm .	2
latest forecast track for typhoon hagupit rubyph watch the news , listen to radio announcements , and be .	1
typhoon hagupit should send shivers through halls of lima conference , oxfam .	2
typhoon hagupit batters eastern philippines .	1
sending my prayers to all my pinoys in the philippines !	2
thinking of all those in harms way as philippines braces for super typhoon hagupit .	2
as of 5 dec asean has deployed 8 members of the emergency response and assessment team & aha centre to philippines re typhoon .	1
my relatives are evacuating to a higher place how sad .	2
i last had communication with a friend in eastern samar hours before the storm hit , no word from her since .	2
hagupit , threatens flooding , landslides .	1
3 deaths reported in philippines as typhoon hagupit weakens .	1
omg hagupit is here no no no hagupit .	2
maximum sustained winds of 160 kph near the center and gustiness of up to 195 kph .	1
residents flee ahead of hagupit .	1
downgraded to tropical storm as it continues across the philippines , .	1
i don't want to go through that again no one wants to go through that again .	2
super typhoon hagupit threatens philippines .	2
powerful philippines typhoon spotted from space as 1 million flee homes , typhoon hagupit seen from the .	1
hagupit please go to hell .	2
wp tropical storm hagupit advisory , 3 , 35 kt/40 mph winds , 5.5 n 150.7 e , moving , wnw at 15 kt/17 mph tropics .	1
philippines threatened by typhoon think the filipino people would want at cop20 pressing for ambition .	2
as typhoon hagupit makes landfall we are thinking of those affected .	2
areas under alert level 1 or within 100 km radius of forecast track .	1
philippines emergency response to hagupit hailed .	1
severe conditions expected in southern luzon and samar typhoon hagupit , ruby still dangerous .	1
public service announcement , stay safe , pray and hope for the best .	2
very concerned about typhoon hagupit approaching the philippines looks like it could go right over where my in-laws live in negros .	2
lord , please make us all safe from another typhoon , , especially my husband oneal bayaban , and the whole .	2
people are everywhere buying supplies to last a week .	2
signal number 3 up as hagupit maintains course .	1
never before has the philippines been more prepared for a typhoon .	2
public alerts for typhoon rubyph , .	1
aftermath in tacloban as of 7.11 am , ph time , sunday .	1
jtwc forecasts 22w , , to be near yap by thursday as 70-knot typhoon who'll bet it's more like 140-knots .	1
anxiety attacks seeing the impact left on samar & masbate .	2
philippines braces for typhoon hagupit .	2
another haiyan as hagupit , both starts with ha , would be a big threat to phillippines .	2
andrew stevens doing what he does best .	2
is tracking , hoping it goes north as some models predict , but preparing for worst in case it enters par as rubyph .	2
the sky is so clear a year & a month ago after yolanda lord make us stronger haiyan feels .	2
expected to make landfall in philippines saturday evening .	1
Hagupit intensifies into a typhoon , ndrrmc on alert in eastern visayas .	1
3 tech tips to get updated with typhoon .	2
super typhoon hagupit threatens philippines including areas vulnerable after .	1
crazy thousands evacuate as typhoon hagupit lashes philippines typhoon hagupit cnn , wt .	1
where will it go next cnn meteorologist tom sater tracks the path of typhoon hagupit as it drenches the phil .	2
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 7.0 n , 141.4 e with 960 hpa and 40 m/s on 2014-12-02 21 utc .	1
forecasts disagree on typhoon hagupit's track as it nears philippines .	1
other agencies issued warnings about hagupit starting last week yet only started warning us only yesterday .	2
typhoon hagupit , ruby 500000 evacuated in tacloban and outlying provinces .	1
god with us , holy hour at the archbishop's residence .	2
32 million in path of very ugly typhoon hagupit , with winds as high as 156 miles per hour , the storm is .	1
video , scenes of wind damage and heavy rain from typhoon hagupit as it touched down in the eastern philippines .	1
typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines , manila , reuters , more than half a million people .	1
fyi jim , means lash looks like the philippines will get a lashing from this storm ?	2
it was disappointing to see the trending topics now why don't we trend and so we can continuously aware others .	2
hagupit is acting like a drunk driver hour by hour positions pagasa .	2
typhoon hagupit knocks out power , flattens trees in philippines .	1
typhoon hagupit pummels philippines , threatens flooding , landslides typhoon cnn .	1
typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines as 1 million flee , nbcnews ha .	1
reposting this infographic of basic emergency kit please share .	1
typhoon hagupit made land fall today with winds of approx 110 mph , right on the line between cat 2/3 .	1
praying for philippines coastal communities to be safe from hagupit .	2
we ask for your mercy , oh lord !	2
strengthening typhoon hagupit could make a direct hit in the philippines this weekend .	2
workers running away from typhoon , in the philippines , took everything with them disgraceful .	2
we are helping to evacuate thousands of people from coastal areas in the philippines , as well as positioning food & vital supplies .	1
philippines braces for arrival of typhoon hagupit , some areas that were devastated by typhoon haiyan last year .	2
december hagupit what a bad early christmas gift of nature's wrath .	2
may almighty god in all his loving mercy spare you all from the wrath of .	2
view the breakdown of available quick response funds , qrfs , per department , in preparation for typhoon /ruby , .	1
areas under alert level c will experience winds of 95-110 kph and heavy to intense rainfall of 10-20 mm/hr .	1
potential for storm surge , flooding and landslides remain , massive typhoon hagupit moved slowly as it pounded .	1
ruby doesn't sound nearly as threatening as hagupit hopefully rubyph doesn't threaten the philippines .	2
just pray and trust on god .	2
safety first be safe be prepared .	2
typhoon brings strong winds , rain typhoon hagupit .	1
click philippines , typhoon , 199+ kph , .	1
typhoon hagupit weakened into a tropical storm monday , leaving at least 21 people dead , forcing more than a .	1
again in the same areas of last year poor philipino friends !	2
hagupit was packing 1-minute sustained winds of 240 kilometers per hour , 130 knots , and gusts of 296 kph , 160 knots .	1
this hagupit aka rubyph scares the hell out of me .	2
obey evacuation orders , if there are avoid flooded roads and washed out bridges .	2
typhoon hagupit to enter east vietnam sea early tuesday .	1
hagupit's initial damage to philippine agriculture hits over 22 ml usd globalpost .	1
early morning webcast on typhoon hagupit .	1
over 30 million people risk feeling the brunt of typhoon hagupit as it barrels down on the philippines .	2
in some parts of the philippines , hagupit may drop two feet of rain .	2
latest , hagupit would start to weaken on 06 dec 2014 after reaching max wind speed of 194 km/h .	1
the following areas are the places deemed critical in light of hagupit's possible landfall .	1
god bless the philippines this friday !	2
latest , hagupit has to move north and to spare .	2
typhoon hagupit kills 2 sweeps across philippines .	1
editor's note , typhoon hagupit , now approaching the eastern part of the philippines , is know there as typhoon .	1
local authorities meet with humanitarian partners in region viii to review contingency plans .	1
residents start fleeing to the hills in quinapondan , eastern samar , .	1
here's a good rundown from of how hagupit is connected to climate change , .	2
Philippines should be alerted now as there are 4 days left over and on 5th day super typhoon to hit south philippines .	2
cleanup begins in parts of philippines as typhoon heads northwest , .	1
jtwc upgrades tropical depression of 22w to tropical storm 22w , hagupit , .	1
ocd caraga reports more than 39,390 persons have evacuated in dinagat islands , froilan gallardo , mindanao .	1
there's a storm coming !	2
massive evacuation as typhoon hagupit nears philippines reuters , reutersmassive evacuation as typhoon hagupi .	1
500,000 flee coastal villages and landslide-prone areas of philippines as super typhoon hagupit , ruby , approaches .	1
hagupit is a terrible name for a storm , great one for a toilet , but terrible for a storm .	2
go away typhoon hagupit .	2
it's expected to enter the ph area of responsibility tomorrow morning stay safe , guys !	2
super typhoon hagupit will become the strongest storm on the planet since haiyan according to jtwc forecast .	2
as the philipines approach sunrise , you can see moonlit and solar arrays .	2
are planets indicating a sea-borne natural calamity the hagupit typhoon may still cause extensive .	2
hundreds of thousands evacuated in philippines as typhoon hagupit nears by austin ramzy nyt the new york times .	1
i get the hesitancy to trend toward the philippines early in development but when ecmwf is locked on a solution , it's often right .	2
Evacuations , 100000 people half of the city's population in 21 shelters across tacloban .	1
manila holds its breath as hagupit gusts approach .	2
antiao river current after rubyph hagupitph .	1
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 4.9 n , 152.1 e with 1000 hpa and 18m/s on 2014-12-01 06 utc .	1
only a year after typhoon haiyan , threatens to enter the philippines this weekend , let's hope there are no big losses .	2
my thoughts are with all colleagues and all children in the villages .	2
more than 1 million flee as typhoon hagupit tears through philippines .	1
here are all the important hotlines , .	2
filipinos take refuge in church as typhoon hagupit closes in disaster .	1
typhoon spares philippines major damage , three people reported killed as hagupit weakens , but there .	1
news , tropical storm hagupit kills at least 21 in philippines .	1
national disaster management office reports no serious impacts from typhoon .	1
lord pls keep evryone safe !	2
strong winds & heavy rain lash the philippines as typhoon tracks towards the coast at 15 km/h .	1
pagasa , typhoon ruby is expected to exit par tuesday night .	1
delivers another blow to the philippines helping with relief .	2
blackout in tacloban .	1
the streets across tacloban city are almost empty as people brace for .	2
keep safe .	2
typhoon rubyph sparks calls for climate action .	1
super typhoon hagupit 1422 22w 041500z position 11.1 n 130.9 e .	1
vietnam airlines changes flight schedule due to typhoon hagupit at .	1
pagasa forecast models show either to make landfall or veer toward japan .	1
the current weather here in bicol is cloudy , a bit windy and rains once in a while is this caused by approaching hagupit .	1
millions in the philippines evacuate ahead of typhoon .	1
ndrrmc , dswd has 100,000 prepared family food packs regional offices have 30,000 in case of immediate response .	1
please pray for eastern visayas !	2
cnn calls is hagupit and local news channels call is ruby .	2
pdc weather wall tc activity report .	1
long , long queue at the supermarket and gasoline stations !	2
be safe po pray tayo .	2
let's all pray that will spare the philippines while we are still trying to recover from haiyan .	2
when a flood or flash flood warning is issued for your area , head for higher ground and stay there .	2
philippines braces for typhoon , new , one city expects to evacuate 75,000 ahead of storm typhoon hagupit .	1
glad to spend another weekend here after hagupit cancelled our flights .	2
latest , jma's latest track confirms , to be a , super typhoon hagupit's target is .	1
the lessons from typhoon .	2
forecasted track of typhoon or .	1
stay indoors all the time unless you are told to evacuate to the nearest evacuation center .	2
typhoon hagupit barrels toward philippines .	1
i vote for chevron in the rename hagupit poll , vote here , .	2
two people killed in philippines due to typhoon hagupit , government spokesman says .	1
so , tomorrow's going to be a long day for us haha .	2
after haiyan , hagupit decides to make pit stop in philippines , our prayers are with them .	2
philippine deped's reminder to all school teachers and school heads .	1
if makes landfall , areas in the visayas recovering from haiyan yolandaph may be struck again .	2
make sure that you have emergency battery operated lights and transistor radio ready and handy .	2
still a big spread in forecasted track of rubyph hagupit .	1
at least 31.9 million in the philippines will be affected by 120 kph winds from hagupit .	1
power seems to be back on in calbayog for now .	2
we geared up for so long , you will not ruin my holiday season's vacation isang mo !	2
philippines brace for another powerful typhoon , typhoon hagupit , which was packing sustained winds of 122 mph .	2
ndrrmc , dpwh is prepared for clearing operations in partnership with lgus .	1
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 9.2 n , 135.3 e with 940 hpa and 45m/s on 2014-12-03 18 utc .	1
philippines , thousands evacuate , shelter in churches as typhoon hagupit advances .	1
slow-moving typhoon hagupit is battering the philippines with roaring winds and pounding rain .	1
microwave loop of typhoon hagupit making landfall from cimss , .	1
Typhoon 2k tropical storm hagupit , located some 180 km wnw of puerto with .	1
dear uspian students , alumni & friends , let's be prepared for the forcasted visit of typhoon rubyph , , .	2
evacuations gather pace in the philippines as typhoon hagupit nears .	1
praying for my family and my blujays !	2
i'll be very surprised if hagupit doesn't reach cat 5 equivalent .	2
things you should also know about typhoon .	2
here are numbers you need to know in case of emergency .	1
praying for my family and everyone in the philippines preparing for the super typhoon hagupit .	2
public storm warning signals posted from as of 11 am phst , .	1
typhoon , bbc crew prepares to enter eye of the storm .	1
flooding and landslide threat , as typhoon hagupit thrashes the philippines with torrential rain , it's .	1
typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines , more than 80 domestic flights have been cancelled , according to .	1
hagupit is it just me or does super typhoons always fall on the letter h like ?	2
always keep yourself updated with the latest weather report .	2
in the western pacific , tropical storm hagupit has winds of 50 mph with a pressure of 998 mbars movement wnw 18 mph .	1
let's work on educating public on how to prepare better for regardless of intensity .	2
looks like a super typhoon , is going to hit philippines next week .	2
action against hunger , responds to hagupit , for interviews , contact mimi maitem +63-999-673-9099 .	1
lord , please spare us from typhoon ruby may your arms embrace us for our safety amen .	2
at least 2 deaths have been reported at typhoon hagupit batters the philippines .	1
please don't ruin my plans this weekend .	2
jtwc says super typhoon rubyph has likely peaked in strength it could directly strike metro manila .	1
seriously , philippines what did you do to deserve this .	2
pagasa's recent bulletin has over northern mindoro is on 8 december pht near calabarzon , .	1
please be safe everyone and exhaust all means to prepare .	2
everything will be ok .	2
clean water , emergency shelter & hygiene kits set to go if help is needed as typhoon hagupit heads for philippines .	1
pray against the incoming typhoon .	2
visayas east coast should be prepared as early as now .	2
typhoon hagupit has just entered the philippine area of responsibility , now locally named ruby .	1
any questions about typhoon and disaster preparedness in the philippines follow !	2
i pray for those affected by the thypoon .	2
uwian na many students are waiting in the terminal ready to go home after the announcement of suspension of classes .	1
really hope this super typhoon doesn't make landfall in the philippines they are still recovering from haiyan !	2
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 7.6 n , 140.5 e with 955 hpa and 40 m/s on 2014-12-03 00 utc .	1
tacloban fisherman fears onslaught of typhoon hagupit , .	1
so sad that typhoon hagupit will be having almost the same direction with typhoon yolanda .	2
typhoon headed toward our family there we pray and ask for prayers for our family and people there .	2
lower wind speed means unlikely to be as bad as yolanda/haiyan , phils forecaster .	2
philippines starts evacuating residents ahead of typhoon hagupit .	1
super typhoon 22 w , warning .	1
help map critical reports rappler .	1
Hagupit at 140 kph is giving me goosies please lord spare my country from the typhoon .	2
cleanup begins in parts of philippines as typhoon hagupit heads northwest , public-works crews and soldiers beg .	1
media , for interviews on typhoon please contact 07710391703 , london , or , philippines .	1
the philippines is asking for mercy instead .	2
our hearts go out to those in the philippines affected by typhoonhagupit .	2
typhoon hagupit makes landfall in philippines about 65 miles from tacloban , which was hit last year by super typhoon .	1
this is what is looks like right now on the coast of legazpi after .	2
our 28 trucks loaded with food for 25000 people have now reached surigao city , .	1
read on to find out how you can help .	2
let's prepare ahead for typhoon forecast may change every six hours .	2
not much sleep when a typhoon is spinning up in the philippine sea .	2
praying for all in the philippines , typhoon hagupit triggers massive evacuation in philippines yahoo news .	2
omg , keep safe people .	2
Hagupit sounds really scary let's all pray it changes direction people havent even recovered from yolanda yet .	2
people are panicking already some are just saying stuff for the sake of scaring i'm not scared , i'm pissed .	2
typhoon hagupit slams into same region of philippines devastated by typhoon haiyan last year , .	1
typhoon hagupit hits philippines with winds up to 210 kph .	1
evacuation center in calbayog , samar , city is along rubyph forecasted track .	1
pia news is now categorized as a typhoon and can still intensify in the coming .	1
just strange that only is focused on hagupit as of now check other agencies & their tweets are abt other stuff or days old .	2
we should not panic let us follow evacuation instructions calmly .	2
typhoon hagupit slams into philippines region devastated by storm haiyan in washington post , toronto .	1
typhoon hagupit advisory , 17 , 125 kt/144 mph winds , 11.7 n 129.7 e , moving , wnw at 7 kt/8 mph .	1
hagupit , thank god this typhoon was not as violent .	2
still hoping that dosen't hit landfall youth leaders in visayas and mindanao .	2
thinking of my ywca sisters in the philippines with this typhoon .	2
power advisory , three teams , naval , almeria and kawayan crew , were mobilized to respond to the .	1
i am so very scared for hagupit rubyph .	2
typhoon hagupit weakens but flooding , high winds kill at least 21 .	1
one of the most unpredictable storms seen in past years .	2
lord keep your people safe !	2
howling winds and heavy downpour outside as typhoon hagupit .	1
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 6.2 n , 145.2 e with 990hpa and 23m/s on 2014-12-02 06 utc .	1
typhoon hagupit strikes the philippines .	1
what will happen if won't re-curve ?	2
two dead as typhoon hagupit lashes philippines .	1
time to conserve some batt , tata for now , online world , praying for zero casualties .	2
no matter how hard the past , you can always begin again .	2
google provides real-time info on ruby .	1
let's just hope that the typhoon doesn't live up to it's name .	2
public storm warning signals as of 11 am , dec 5	1
getting ready for .	2
prayers go out to everyone in philippines threatened by hagupit this is why we have to act !	2
typhoon heads menacingly toward philippines , typhoon hagupit was moving dangerously slowly , packing .	1
Hagupit now a super typhoon , says jtwc .	1
god bless us all !	2
typhoon hagupit , 500000 people flee to safety in eastern philippines .	1
video , tacloban feels the fury of typhoon , typhoon hagupit has made landfall in the town of dolores in the eastern philippines , the .	1
typhoon hagupit caused a mass evacuation because of storm surge .	1
typhoon hagupit is expected to intensify into a super typhoon in 48 hours more updates here , .	1
jesus , please make us all safe and dont let us be homeless .	2
latest , severe tropical storm currnt winds speed 111 km/h , minimum central pressure , 978 mb .	1
Google has launched a page of resources for people in the path of typhoon hagupit , ruby , in the philippines , .	1
phillippines orders evacuation in coastal areas of visayas and mindanao in preparation for hagupit .	1
as of 10pm today , typhoon hagupit was estimated at 1108 km east of hinatuan , surigao del sur city .	1
typhoon hagupit , ruby , begins siege on the philippines , forecast , .	1
3 deaths , injuries reported as typhoon hagupit floods parts of the philippines , typhoon hagupit continued batt .	1
we love making no plans !	2
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by typhoon hagupit .	2
midweek and nman please pray that will not hit our shores hard pray it dissipates god bless us !	2
my friend's neighborhood in ormoc , not taking chances .	2
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 6.2 n , 143.4 e with 980 hpa and 30 m/s on 2014-12-02 12 utc .	1
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 6.3 n , 142.6 e with 980 hpa and 30m/s on 2014-12-02 15 utc .	1
brandon miller of cnn , regains super typhoon status as winds strengthen to 240 kph/150 mph , track still uncertain .	1
typhoon hagupit is a 100 knot , 115 mph , storm better hope gfs is right ecmwf could create devastating flooding .	1
the power of prayers work wonders for us !	2
first signs of damage as typhoon hagupit hits .	1
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 5.4 n , 150.7 e with 1000hpa and 18m/s on 2014-12-01 12 utc .	1
these emergency supplies include water kits , medical supplies , generators enough for at least 10,000 families .	1
ndrrmc , expect 3-4 meter high storm surges along the coast of eastern visayas .	1
as manila waits , filipino officials revise hagupit toll , as the storm continues its 10 kph approach , officials .	1
in philippines , lessons from haiyan helped lessen hagupit's impact .	2
video , typhoon hagupit tears across philippines .	2
we don't want another yolanda !	2
want news and updates on typhoon follow and for the latest ?	2
storm hagupit approaching in paracel , spratly archipelagos .	1
who gave this storm the name was it a filipino ?	2
keep safe and dry everyone .	2
terrified but prayerful for filipino's safety lets hope and pray it will spare philippines .	2
approximately 680,000 people in the typhoons projected path are in areas especially vulnerable to landslides & storm surges .	1
jtwc sees becoming a super typhoon in 48 hours still split on track .	1
from manila to tacloban in 31 hours , the weather forecasters had warned that hagupit was one of the most unpre .	2
i obviously failed the challenge but this is more important .	2
another super typhoon is heading to the philines again please lord , stop the storm form hitting us this christmas .	2
half a million evacuated , typhoon hagupit has made landfall in the philippines as more than half .	1
this is the 4th typhoon this year pls send forth your holy angels lord to protect loveones !	2
just don't have any wild ideas like kidnapping us again .	2
forecasts to make landfall in easternsamar before noon of saturday .	1
the season may be over in the atlantic , but the west pacific continues on strong with typhoon which is .	2
hopefully we'll get some pics & field reports out of the area .	2
super typhoon hagupit is tragically beautiful and has the best name ever .	2
have faith guys !	2
video , typhoon hagupit brings 125 mph winds , typhoon hagupit is sweeping across the philippines and bringing .	1
typhoon's path still unpredictable as it heads towards the philippines , it has slowed down and is gaining strength .	1
hope everyone stays safe , dry , alert and vigilant on the upcoming super typhoon .	2
expected to hit manila today , know which areas are prone to flooding .	1
the real lessons from hagupit .	2
amihan , northeast trade wind , revving up with typhoon in metro cebu , no rain , so far .	1
habitat for humanity launches appeal to assist those affected by typhoon hagupit .	2
further weakens , now a tropical depression .	1
half a million leave homes in philippines to avoid typhoon hagiput .	1
philippine capital braces for storm , as hagupit leaves 27 dead .	1
nasa photo , typhoon hagupit makes landfall in eastern visayas , december 6 , by .	1
even if hagupit moves over north , central philippines would be a severe hit .	2
typhoon hagupit kills 21 on samar island philippine red cross , manila , reuters , at least 21 people were .	1
hope our kababayans along the areas prepare well .	2
7095 khz+ is the frequency in use yes is the frequency in use yes typhoon hagupit dec 6 2014 , .	1
hopefully , won't live up to its name hope that this typhoon will not spoil the holiday preps of our kababayans in the philippines .	2
typhoon on collision course with philippines .	1
latest , very strong typhoon currently located 600 km distance to philippines area of responsibility or par , it will be in 18 hrs .	1
typhoon is expected to make its 3rd landfall over sibuyan island between 8-10 pm .	1
our teams are working to get a better picture of the humanitarian needs in areas hit by hagupit rubyph , .	1
as of december 3 , 2014 at 5:04 pm class suspensions have been announced .	1
the sky is clear here in zamboanga , my thoughts and prayers are with the people of samar , tacloban and all affected areas .	2
typhoon zero casualty proof of asian nations commitment to hyogo framework for action following 2004 tsunami .	2
photo , filipinos is now , again , facing a big challenge of nature as we face , which is .	2
Yolandaph part 2 ?	2
why do some news are saying that hagupit is yolanda like typhoon ?	2
bicol is one of the critical areas .	1
jtwc issues initial warning for tropical depression 22w .	1
i offer our heartfelt sympathies to communities affected by typhoon , .	2
jma 5-day forecast predicts landfall in the vicinity of dinagat islands/caraga region .	1
praying for those in the path of typhoonruby as it heads towards philippines .	2
the tracks of typhoon hagupit and typhoon haiyan are very similar .	2
nice to be back , i hope this is for good hagupit is coming to town .	2
typhoon hagupit looked incredibly powerful thankfully it looks like it's dissipating .	2
just in , jtwc has reclassified as a super typhoon .	1
are you amaze why typhoon rubyph named internationally here's why ? .	2
philippines braces for typhoon hagupit , the military was on high alert and thousands of families were evacuated friday as typhoon hagupit .	1
Hagupit moves w-n-w at 30 kph w/ max sustained winds of 140 kph and gustiness reaching up to 170 kph .	1
Hagupit 22w would be a severe cyclonic storm in 48 hours , typhoon on dec 04 & super typhoon on dec 05 .	1
japan met agency just upgraded to typhoon , as jtwc had done earlier .	1
landfall threat is getting real .	2
Hagupit is now upgraded into category 3 typhoon status .	1
pagasa briefing ongoing , pagasa expects 2nd landfall of rubyph sunday afternoon in the vicinity of masbate .	1
typhoon families in tacloban have a lucky escape .	2
jtwc says hagupit is now a super typhoon with sustained winds of 240 kph and gusts of 296 kph pag-asa says it's still just a typhoon .	1
store an adequate supply of food and clean water prepare foods that need not be cooked .	2
weakens into a tropical depression 7 provinces under signal no 1 .	1
in tweets and pictures timeline of a typhoon .	1
half a million people take shelter as typhoon hagupit approaches philippines .	1
as of 12 pm today , typhoon hagupit was spotted at 1466 km east of davao city .	1
please pray for the philippines , as super typhoon hagupit is currently passing through it .	2
singapore red cross sends five for typhoon hagupit relief .	1
click philippines , typhoon , 239+kph , blogs on .	1
winds slowly picking up here in calbayog city , samar .	1
a super typhoon in the making ?	2
typhoon hagupit approaches philippines several flights cancelled .	1
praying for my people in the philippines that are suffering through another devastating typhoon .	2
shit that storm !	2
hell of a job with you coverage , anthony , great info !	2
stay safe eastern visayas .	2
as typhoon hagupit hits philippines , evacuees express relief , fears over a repeat of the devastation left by .	2
would appreciate if you guys can provide updates in balangkayan eastern samar , it's a critical area , thanks ! !	2
if there's one thing being a filipino taught me , it would be resilience preparing for typhoon .	2
sending our prayers as and others prepare for .	2
why i feel ok knowing that hagupit is coming ?	2
hagupit weakens to tropical storm in philippines .	1
the hawaii-based joint typhoon warning center of the us navy on wednesday said hagupit will become a super typhoon in 48 hours .	1
philippines residents flee coastal areas ahead of typhoon hagupit .	1
rubyph has left some streets in tacloban city without heavy damages .	1
reposting this to remind everyone to be wise and be prepared for hagupit typhoonruby share with everyone you .	2
hagupit batters philippines , 2 dead .	1
Hagupit spotted at 1543 km east of davao city 10:00 am , wednesday still outside the phl area of responsibility .	1
lord , protect us from the coming storm strengthen us help us in jesus name amen .	2
mass evacuation as hagupit nears philippines , more than 616,000 residents of low-lying villages and landslide- .	1
blackout in northern , eastern samar as hagupit's strength starts to be felt .	1
done packing my things better ready than sorry haha !	2
super typhoon , packing winds over 150 mph , takes aim at the philippines , reports now .	1
this typhoon is making me crazy praying hard for the safety of my family and hometown .	2
typhoon hagupit heading to philippines .	1
tells we are all picking up the pieces again , as typhoon hagupit bears down on .	2
class at all levels declared suspended by mayor dominador agahan of almeria on friday , december 5 .	1
i wrote about typhoon & how extreme weather events are linked to climate change in .	2
once in a hundred year storms are now yearly but there's no climate change .	2
typhoon hagupit making landfall in philippines extreme weather is linking with .	1
taught me a lot on disaster preparedness .	2
please , no more damages in the philippines .	2
for cigna customers affected by typhoon hagupit & need assistance accessing health care services , call the number on the back of your cigna id card .	1
one forecast points to eastern and central visayas as landfall areas for hagupit .	1
luck and planning helped the philippines withstand typhoon hagupit .	2
super typhoon hagupit poses deadly risks to philippines , raises specter of haiyan .	2
stay safe and be vigilant guys .	2
there is a deep fear in my very core .	2
just in , jma upgrades to a typhoon , as jtwc had done earlier .	1
team watching and preparing for hagupit rubyph path of typhoon still uncertain follow bepreparedph for safety tips !	2
want to help our damayan mobilzation .	2
cma , says , hagupit to hit phillippines with maximum wind speed of 245 km/h , cat-4 hurricane , on 06 dec 2014 .	1
current infrared image of tropical depression 22w , .	1
while totally different in size/strength , it is amazing how pagasa's fcst track for hagupit compares to haiyan .	2
response to typhoon in philippines shows lessons learned from a year ago .	2
typhoon hagupit is expected to strike philippines abc news .	1
making first landfall in the philippines over the past hour .	1
typhoon hagupit advisory & update let us be very vigilant joined the conversation of hagupit/ruby .	2
dear lord , save our country from the big disaster coming in .	2
we can no longer escape the effects of climate change be strong , philippines .	2
kind of ironic that the international name for rubyph is hagupit hopefully she doesn't take the name literally .	2
as hagupit approaches , lgus reminded , don't abandon your posts .	2
pray that hagupit won't wreak havoc to the philippines we're not yet even close to rebuilding what haiyan has damaged .	2
you can be part of the solution by being a project agos volunteer !	2
pagasa forecasters waiting for hagupit to make landfall , which means the eye of the storm passing over land .	1
if hagupit hits manila we're going over to manila .	2
Typhoon hagupit will bring heavy rain , destructive winds and storm surges close to the eye local warnings , .	1
the philippines are all preparing for hagupit .	2
typhoon hagupit , what did the philippines do differently bbc news , bbc newstyphoon hagupit , what did the .	2
updated deped reminds schools to take precautionary measures in anticipation of hagupit , .	1
as of 4:00 am today , typhoon with international name was located at 1670 km east of mindanao .	1
Hagupit expected to intensify over 24 to 72 hrs with max winds of 185 kph , gusts of 230 kph long range outlook for category 3 .	1
even bigger town not spare from extreme weather climate events .	2
spread the word please we need prayers .	2
typhoon hagupit slams into philippines .	1
ugh , just disappear and leave us alone don't you dare ruin our christmas .	2
here we go again praying for typhoon not to hit the philippines .	2
go to the philippines for the coverage of typhoon hagupit i am your idol !	2
pic , makes landfall in central philippines , hitting the same region devastated by typhoon last year , .	1
let us all pray for the safety of everyone .	2
weather forecast .	1
jma typhoon hagupit , 201422 , is at 8.9 n , 136.1 e with 950 hpa and 40 m/s on 2014-12-03 15 utc .	1
how will it move in the next few days ?	2
more than 600.000 people seek shelter before typhoon makes landfall .	1
we can do this though christ who strengthens us !	2
the maximum storm surge height is 0.1 m in konlei , palau this height is estimated for 04 dec 2014 00:00:00 .	1
major damage likely as violent typhoon hagupit nears the philippines , typhoon hagupit is .	2
typhoon hagupit in pictures and tweets .	1
it is important to be prepared always have a first aid kit on hand .	2
click philippines , violent super typhoon 290+kph , .	1
real time data met forecast and not so much of the model itself hagupit strength !	2
pia news ndrrmc and pagasa released a list of areas deemed critical as typhoon .	1
i just hope that typhoon hagupit won't enter par and will just dissolve .	2
i still think their whole track is too far north/right , continues to track left of jtwc's track .	2
the verb's coverage of when tyhpoon hagupit hit the philippines , .	2
typhoon hagupit sweeps across philippines bbc news .	1
find out which part of the tropical cyclone brings heavy rains & strong winds , more details here , .	1
pray for those who are in the path of typhoon hagupit .	2
did you see typhoon with meteoearth .	2
there are long queues at a local mall in tacloban as people struggle to get supplies photo by .	1
typhoon , int'l name , has a maximum winds of 130 kph and gustiness of up to 160 kph it is forecast to move west northwest at 30kph .	1
i wanna be with you i'm so down and i wanna quit i wanna know when will this ends soon .	2
naval , biliran classes in all levels are suspended from dec 4-5 , 2014 .	1
un activates micromappers for philippines typhoon , go now to .	1
a year after haiyan's devastation , new super typhoon threatens philippines , .	2
thoughts and prayers for the people of philippines as typhoon hagupit arrives .	2
typhoon hagupit , death toll jumps in philippines on samar island .	1
hagupit death toll rising , the storm that has buffeted the philippines for days weakened monday as it rumbled .	1
one million typhoon evacuees raises stakes for un climate talks .	2
we ask for your mercy , oh lord please spare us from typhoon in jesus name amen .	2
let's hope the philippines most precious underwater jewel is spared .	2
hagupit satellite products and services division office of satellite and product operations .	1
holland hope our lash , hagupit , leaves arriving nippon directly !	2
i hope typhoon , will veer away from capiz .	2
probe faults cleveland police tactics , philippines braces for typhoon hagupit , & 3 more reads , .	2
got its name but it won't stop here and it will go on intensifying , image from jma , .	2
podcast , two al-qaeda captives killed in rescue attempt philippines prepares for typhoon hagupit turf war in .	1
nearing super status , typhoon heads towards philippines .	1
pagasa is working at offline and waiting for a disaster a very strong typhoon , winds 185 km/h , gusts 232 km/h .	1
let's all be prepared , too .	2
how about that typhoon ?	2
colliners philippines stay safe don't forget to pray we can do this just trust him !	2
typhoon hagupit kills 21 in philippines , professional valet service for all .	1
praying for the safety of everyone !	2
ships relief to the philippines to assist those displaced by typhoonhagupit .	1
violent bearing down on the philippines , major impacts expected this weekend , .	1
will it hit my place it doesn't matter where you are , this typhoon is massive , it is almost the same size as luzon .	2
friends , help us spread the word about philippines disaster relief in wake of hagupit , .	1
airport damage at tacloban , passed but no way back to manila .	1
watch , floods and landslides still a danger in typhoon hagupit aftermath , more than a million people evacuate .	1
possible coastal storm surge flooding of > 5.5 m , 18 ft , above normal tide levels super typhoon .	1
typhoon hagupit makes landfall , thrashing philippines as it settles in for days new york times , new york tim .	1
let us all be vigilant and prepared keep safe everyjuan .	2
stay safe philippines god is with us amping ta ninyo guysss .	2
super typhoon at night with manilla in the foreground .	1
let's pray that the typhoon won't do much damage haplos lang , hindi hagupit ptr .	2
compact yet intense typhoon hagupit makes landfall in the philippines in 72-96hr according to the 12z ecmwf , .	1
city this morning after made landfall in eastern visayas on 6 december , .	1
of course , there is still some variance in the models , so confidence in the extended forecast is low .	2
forces evacuation along eastern philippines .	1
hagupit is much cooler cause it translates to strong lash in filipino .	2
dear hagupit reduce speed now we don't need you anymore go back to the place where you belong thanks .	2
intense tropical typhoon hagupit heads towards philippines .	1
please no !!	2
hagupit heads toward manila , the storm that has buffeted the philippines for days weakened monday as it rumble .	1
everyone has stopped working in the office they're all busy packing important documents and equipment .	2
typhoon hagupit begins agonizingly slow trek across philippines , deadly floods likely , typhoon hagupit , which .	1
this philippines tv crew is prepared for just about anything !	2
media covering hagupit access broadcast quality b-roll and photos of @unicef's work on the ground here .	1
typhoon hagupit , power lines cut , trees torn down and 800000 people in shelters , with another .	1
oh god pls let the typhoon recurve pls let the typhoon recurve .	2
i hope all you fruitloops in the philippines are preparing for typhoon stay safe !	2
philippines nfa rules out further rice imports in 2014 despite typhoon hagupit oryza , blog , .	2
typhoon hagupit has hit the eastern philippines where 650,000 people have fled to safety .	1
typhoon hagupit sends philippines scrambling to prepare , villagers fled their coastal homes and sparked panic .	1
canadian red cross supporting relief efforts in philippines as typhoon hagupit makes landfall .	1
you can get and share the latest information on hagupit by joining this facebook group , .	2
go away keep praying philippines !	2
as of 8pm local , 1200 gmt , rubyph is cat5 , winds 150 knots moving wnw .	1
it caught typhoon hagupit reaches the philippines wall street journal , wall street journal .	1
dark clouds bring beautiful rainbows .	2
100000 flee as cat-5 super typhoon hagupit , 150 mph winds , approaches the phillippines .	1
crisis and disaster management magazine , typhoon ruby , hagupit , resources .	1
prayers for those victims and all the places affected by the typhoon .	2
stay safe everyone !	2
please lord , keep the people in the philippines safe from hagupit rubyph .	2
powerful typhoon hagupit has more than half a million people evacuating the philippines , .	1
tropical storm hagupit continues to weaken as it exits the philippines .	1
god sends his most difficult trials to his strongest believers , he won't give something we can't handle .	2
filipinos hunker down as hagupit nears .	1
support climate justice , help hold big polluters accountable for their contribution to the climate crisis , .	2
fears coming about because of hagupit's supposed yolanda-esque arrival comments typically god , cast away the storm and china .	2
with or without typhoon we need to be strong !	2
residents that live in the philippines please take warnings seriously when they are issued when typhoon approaches closer to you .	2
pray to god , keep safe , everyone !	2
2014 , typhoon ruby was located at 275 km east northeast of borongan , eastern samar , 12.1 n , 127.9 e .	1
typhoon hagupit death toll rises as filipinos return home video cc .	1
let's brace ourselves once more for another possible flooding all over the ph .	2
tacloban evacuates ahead of hagupit .	1
hagupit a reminder of past horrors .	2
our thoughts are with the communities in the path of typhoon in the philippines we are monitoring the situation closely .	2
current status of typhoon , .	1
landfall possible by saturday typhoon hagupit to enter par early dec 4 .	1
delayed/cancelled flights know your rights !	2
power appears to have been cut off too at the hotel here in calbayog .	1
typhoon hagupit lashes the philippines reports from legazpi , .	1
before typhoon arrives , small fishing boats or vessels should be well anchored on safer areas .	2
Hagupit expected to enter the ph area of responsibility tom early morning , and will be given the local name ruby , .	1
special information for the philippines tropical storm hagupit , t1422/22w/ , weakened into a .	1
power just went out in calbayog , samar , wind steady at around 20 kph with gusts .	1
please lord protect us .	2
