is it cong supporter right wing hindutva extremists behind bomb blasts in the indian city of hyderabad .	2
lashkar announces unconditional surrender after manmohan singh strongly condemns the hyderabadblasts .	2
got alert from delhi before blasts , hyderabad police times of india , times of indiagot alert from delhi befo .	1
hyderabad blast probe leads to three im operatives , man on cycle hindustan times , hindustan tim .	1
the explosions is said to have occurred at dilsukhnagar area , read on .	1
my heart goes out the the victims and the families of those affected by the twin yesterday .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts send shock waves among people , the union home minister sushil kumar shinde .	2
yasin bhatkal is out on bail , he could be behind hyderabad blasts .	2
blasts in hyderabad kill at least 11 , injure dozens .	1
hyderabad blast , terror hunt spreads to bihar , up , jharkhand .	1
hyderabad blast , multiple deaths , india is on high alert after three explosions in the southern city of hyde .	1
wasn't owaisi hinting 2wards this toll now 14 dead , 119 injured and 6 critical .	1
dilsukhnagar limping back to normalcy , traffic returned to normal and commercial .	1
after blasts , hyderabad's dilsukhnagar limps back to normalcy .	1
when this mayhem gonna stop in india .	2
hyderabad blast visuals from dilsukhnagar , 21/02/13 studio , .	1
for free blood please contact 04023555005 please .	1
hyderabad blast , rs 6 lakh compensation to those permanently disabled daily news & analysis , hyderabad blast , .	1
investigation picks-up in twin hyderabad blast case .	1
government had warned of bombs that killed 16 in hyderabad .	1
india police say were warned about hyderabad bomb threat .	1
hyderabad blast , i can see venkatadri theater and dilsukhnagar bus stop from my apartments .	2
condolences to hyderabad .	2
hyderabad blast cctv footage with nia , .	1
hyderabad blast , home minister under fire sushil kumar shinde yet to answer opposition party .	2
dual bombing in hyderabad india kills 15 , .	1
hyderabad blast , 12 killed in hyderabad blast an injured person is treated at the omini hospital kothapet in .	1
manmohan visits hyderabad blast site , wish he was there during the blast !	2
15 people feared dead as two blasts rock one of hyderabad's most crowded areas , 50 people injured .	1
police suspect one of the bombs may have been kept on a motorcycle the other in a tiffin box .	2
what pictures pictures of dead bodies , their bodies torn apart send us your pictures from hyderabad blasts at .	2
warning , graphic images multiple blasts in hyderabad , 15 dead .	1
twin blasts rock india's hyderabad , at least 11 people are killed by twin blasts in the southern indian city o .	1
pm condemns bomb blasts in dilsukh nagar , hyderabad appeals for calm .	1
ten killed , several injured , high alert in major cities across india .	1
if there is any need for blood , please contact ln gupta , dc blood donation .	1
hyderabad blast dead bodies , .	1
video hyderabad , mecca masjid blast survivor among those injured .	1
16 killed in hyderabad blast .	1
whom to blame , may god help those families .	2
i send my condolences to victims of hyderabad blast victims , pm .	2
i hope the police does a professional investigation & arrest people based on real evidence & not by manufacturing evidence .	2
home minister under fire over hyderabad blasts , bjp dismisses routine statement hindustan times .	1
families of those killed to get rs 6 lakhs each .	1
screen map of dilsukhnagar hyderabad blast .	1
blast reported in hyderabad if you are at the blast site , feel free to share pictures at or .	2
our condolences to all related to hyderabad victims .	2
cz government is inept & callous 2 days since they had info still no preventive measures !	2
police struggling to clear hyderabad blast site and preserve evidence as politicians jockey to visit and protesters pour in , ndtv reports .	2
hyderabad blast , opposition accuses government of being casual about terrorism economic times .	2
someone mentioned 7 dead , unconfirmed though .	1
where is rahul gandhi he & shinde must prove color of the blasts must get answer who ruins .	2
serial blast in hyderabad today it's shame for indian security services .	2
ncp hyderabad blasts , emergency helpline number 04027854771 .	1
two blasts rock hyderabad , toll at least 23 , two blasts rock hyderabad , toll at least 23 .	1
ever since jagan left inc weak some elements have been trying riots in ap for entry .	2
inflation isn't working only on human lives in india .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , 2 culprits caught on cctv camera .	1
Bomb blasts in dilsukhnagar hyderbad near venkatadri and konark theaters .	1
the hyderabad blasts are condemned , gives the government a chance to push for chidambaram's pet proposal- nctc .	2
hyderabad blast exposed how concerned cong ruled states are for the security of general people , as more than half of cctv is not functioning .	2
reports of blast and casualties in hyderabad india .	1
terror haunts india again as 12 killed in hyderabad blasts the death toll is expected to rise considering the intensity of the blasts .	1
i was in office when the news of hyderabad blasts came in .	2
hyderabad blast ripples hit vendors , the hyderabad blasts have hit the business of street vendors and hawkers .	2
hyderabad blast , ied used in twin blasts , says dgp , improvised explosive devices , ieds , were used in the two blast .	1
dan pasal hyderabad blast , of course islam yang cause the bomb .	2
i want to thank all the doctors treating the hyderabad blast victims , they are doing their best , rajnath singh .	2
accused caught by police in hyderabad blast .	1
at least 15 feared dead in hyderabad blast , follow live updates , .	1
Should not i had prior info make him culpable for hyderabad blasts .	2
11 killed , several injured in hyderabad blast , andhra on high alert death toll may increase .	1
police & ib believe hyderabad blasts carried out by local module attached to terror outfit .	1
wires of cctv camera near blast spots were cut 4 days ago .	1
narendra modi offers condolences to families of hyderabad blast victims .	2
lol at indian media showing picture of dead mpa manzar imam as terrorist suspect in hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blasts probe leads to three im operatives , man with a bag riding bicycle hindustan times .	1
on a somber sad day post the deadly blasts at hyderabad yesterday , bjp's conduct in parliament is shockingly shameful .	2
new delhi shared terror alerts with andhra over the week , the latest being on the morning of the hyderabad blast .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts despite intel reports , says sushma swaraj in parliament .	1
at least 18 people die in hyderabad's serial bomb blasts , agi , new delhi , feb 21 two explosions , only a few .	1
people who killed in hyderabadblasts they wanted to live but terrorist killed them .	2
here we go again 9 killed in hyderabad blast .	1
i am here to share your pain , pm tells hyderabad blast victims , prime minister manmohan singh visited the bomb .	2
high alert in karnataka , west bengal after blasts in hyderabad .	1
hyderabad , india twin bomb killed at least 14 .	1
at hospitals , a hunt for help and information .	1
hyderabad blasts , 15 special teams constituted , cctv image may provide lead niti central .	1
hyderabad blasts , no lessons learnt by nia .	2
i added a video to a playlist salman khurshid condemns hyderabad blast .	2
modi offers condolences to kin of victims , gujarat chief minister narendra modi .	2
hyderabad blast suspects arrested on indo-nepal border .	1
hyderabad blasts are an act of cowardice , pranab mukherjee .	2
live , shinde leaves for hyderabad death toll in blasts 12 .	1
why is it we are not able to stop terrorist attacks in india after .	2
deeply disturbed by blasts in hyderabad , meira kumar .	2
sad and frightening to hear about the bomb blasts in hyderabad .	2
world view , indian mujahideen suspected in bombing in hyderabad .	1
tv9 exclusive , hyderabad blast , bomb disposal team called to inspect suspicious device , .	1
the news channels discussion on hyderabad blasts seems to be a repeat telecast .	2
shinde must learn from today hyderabad blast , instead of appeasing by saffron terror & regretting , must resign & let some capable work .	2
at least 10 killed , scores injured in hyderabad blasts .	1
wrote this in shock .	2
every year government of india declares that im has been busted , till date they have caught only indian & mujahideen is absconding .	2
hyderabad blast , did home ministry sit on crucial info that could have prevented hyderabad twin blas .	2
sir , please stop the rumors that spreading across twitter about hyderabad blast .	2
dont be panic please share it hospitals , 0406711514 ­ 8ikon hospital , paramitha .	1
update , 14 killed , 78 injured in hyderabad bomb blasts , police say .	1
hyderabad blast victims stare at bleak future .	2
you should ask them why do vvips hav to go to the site within an hour of the blasts let police do policing .	2
hyderabad blast , cops zero in on 2 im operatives , city police teams are set to launch a massive manhunt .	1
deadly blasts hit india's hyderabad , indian officials say at 11 people have been killed and another 50 injured .	1
mobile networks shut down around dilsukhnagar to prevent rumours .	1
live , at least 15 killed in two blasts in hyderabad dilsukhnagar , the blasts took place in a .	1
hyderabad serial blasts , at least 15 dead , 50 injured .	1
rajya sabha adjourned twice over hyderabad bombings .	1
please help us pray 4 the family of preeti samuel who died in the recent bomb blast in hyderabad .	2
politicians say that hyderabad blasts masterminded by actors in pakistan , is parliament bombing had succeeded , india would have 1/n .	2
manmohan visits hyderabad blast sites , prime minister manmohan singh arrived in hyderabad at 11 a.m. to visit .	1
bjp blames congreesi and congressi blame bjp good job keep passing your buck desh to ram bharose .	2
home minister to give statement in lok sabha at 2pm and in rajya sabha at 2:30 pm over hyderabad blast .	1
did appeasing led to hyderabad blast kolkata cops held im co-founder in 2008 , let him go .	2
7 allegedly died , 20 injured .	1
shri muralidhar rao visited the hyderabad blast site along with bjp national president shri rajnath singh today .	1
the sun , indian pm calls for calm after deadly hyderabad blasts , strong new delhi , feb 24 , 2013 .	1
bomb blasts target hyderabad market , .	1
police say 12 dead , 52 injured in two bomb blasts in hyderabad .	1
looks like , india is busy stopping terrorism based movies rather than real terrorism .	2
this is live photo in dilsukhnagar .	1
which instagram filter do we use for charred bodies send us your pictures from hyderabad blasts at .	2
at least 11 killed in hyderabad blasts in india wall street journal , wall street journalat least 11 killed i .	1
bbc news india home minister shinde visits hyderabad blast site .	1
hyderabad blast , 14 people dead , 119 injured indian express , indian expresshyderabad blast , 14 people dead , .	1
indian union home minister shinde visits hyderabad blast scene , union home .	1
hyderabad blasts , mirza is lucky again , others not .	2
hyderabad blast , a national shame !	2
alert , 4 bomb blasts in hyderabad , just 1.5 kms from my home .	1
2 huge bombs were diffused at autonagar and lb nagar all hyderabad'is better dont go outside .	1
abpnews breaking , twin blast in hyderabad dilsukhnagar suburb reports of 15 deaths , over 50 injured .	1
maha cm told me after mumbai serial blasts that cctvs for city were stuck in red tape , now not working in hyderabad .	2
hyderabad blasts indian mujahideen suspected , 22/01/13 studio , .	1
to eyewitness account in firstpost there were 3 blasts not 2 .	1
this what muslims give in return pic of dead body of a daughter in hyderabad blast kept in from of her parents .	2
deeply pained by the casualties in hyderabad blast .	2
disturbing images of hyderabad dilsukhnagar blasts , cellphone network jammed .	1
hyderabad blasts , to question 12 let members in bangalore jail , the national investigation agency had file .	1
flash news hyderabad blasts , vital clues obtained , sit to probe case , says police commissioner , two days .	1
world hyderabad blast , 7 feared dead , seven people are feared dead and 67 others are missing followin .	1
a man who lost his leg in the 2007 hyderabad blast among those injured last night .	1
seven killed in hyderabad blast seven people were killed and three others injured in an explosion in a crowded .	1
extremely sad day my prayers to the victims and their families affected by the hyderabad blast .	2
mr hm , its almost 24hrs you gave public last lollypop named im .	2
good morning sad to know a complete system failure to pass on the warning to hyderabad resulting in blasts .	2
i'm guessing there is a paucity of blood in hyderabad .	2
shinde visits hyderabad blast sites , toll climbs to 14 .	1
india had warnings of security threat days before bombs ripped through hyderabad , home minister says .	1
guilty won't go unpunished , says pm manmohan singh .	1
hyderabad blast , 1kg explosive used in each bomb .	1
two muslim terrorists involved in hyderabad blast , kaumudi daily reports .	1
hyderabad serial blasts , ig of national investigation agency and nsg's post-blast investigation team flying from delhi .	1
explosion took place near venkatdri theatre in dilsukhnagar .	1
i am the united states on thursday strongly condemned the terrorist bombings in hyderabad .	2
bomb blast in dilsukhnagar bus stand hyderabad , .	1
personally quite surprised that the home minister has not blamed the rss for the bombings in hyderabad .	2
2 blasts reported near bus stand in southern indian city of hyderabad 10 people feared dead , at least 40 others .	1
hyderabad dukkan , twin blasts killed seven in hyderabad city of india .	1
after a while of peace though artificial/fake another serial blast in hyderabad with a huge intensity .	2
ready to use template those behind hyderabad blasts will not go unpunished , manmohan singh .	2
mastermind of hyderabad blast has once again consolidated their position in creating communal divide in .	2
pakistan condemns bomb blasts in indian hyderabad .	2
prime minister to visit city tomorrow .	1
heard about 3 blasts in hyderabad hope al is well there .	2
hyderabad blast dilshuknagar hospital sairam 04024064532 vijaya 024069500 savitha 066632381 mahalakshmi 024045138 .	1
hyderabad blast latest visuals , .	1
any cure for foot-in-mouth disease shinde again in trouble statement after hyderabad blast .	2
i escaped the 2003 hyd terror attack narrowly , yesterday my dad escaped the hyderabadblasts narrowly .	2
hyderabad blast , 1kg explosive used in each bomb jaipur news , all related news of jaipur .	1
pm visits hyderabad bomb blast sites , victims in hospital , .	1
our deep condolences for those died in hyderabad blast we should strongly condemn the blast and the culprits .	2
any terrorist group not targeted industrialists like ratan tata .	2
hyderabad blast , nia team raids bihar districts , two days after the twin blasts in hyderabad , an nia team .	1
seems like mr. advani has cracked the hyderabad blasts case .	2
india says warned of bombs that killed 16 in it hub hyderabad reuters .	1
hyderabad blast , several dead .	1
twice lucky , now key suspect .	1
flash , 9 killed , 32 injured in serial powerful blast in dilshuknagar area in hyderabad , police .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , foreign media on whether warning signs were ignored .	1
shinde claims terrorists did not inform him the venue & date of hyderabad blasts as he did not inform about afzal guru .	2
high security alert in kerala .	1
list of hospitals in dilsukhnagar , hyderabad .	1
three blasts reported in hyderabad , india 15 dead , 50 injured the lahore times .	1
alert in all major cities across india after serial blasts in hyderabad .	1
us condemns hyderabad blasts , offers assistance in probe .	2
ideal mind is a devil's workshop .	2
hyderabad blasts , does centre's responsibility end with alerting states , sushma indian express , .	2
at office reading news about hyderabad blasts yesterday shocked to know that even though there was info about a poss blast , no action was taken .	2
hyderabad blast , initial probe points fingers at indian mujahideen economic times , economic times hyderabad b .	1
the bomb which exploded was tied with yellow string and was carried in a .	1
has shinde come to your training camps looking for terrorists horrible government .	2
accused im operatives syed maqbool , asad khan and imran khan grilled for 5 hours .	1
i informed the pm about the blasts , spoke to the cm of ap , 2 blasts were on cycles , 8 died in 1 blast , 3 in other , shinde .	1
pm visits hyderabad blast sites , meets victims in two hospitals , three days after twin blasts .	1
sit to probe , city on high alert , police commissioner .	1
this will be the next news in indian media pakistan is involved in hyderabad blasts poison .	2
bombs were kept on bicycles , hyderabad , the bombs that went off at dilsukhnagar here in the andhra .	1
aftermath of one of bomb blasts in hyderabad .	1
hyderabad blast , death toll touches 13 .	1
pakistan condemns hyderabad blasts , islamabad , pakistan today strongly condemned the bomb blasts in the i .	2
11 killed in hyderabad blast .	1
toll rises in india blasts , the death toll in two explosions that hit the southern city of hyderabad late thursday .	1
it was the second time that dilsukhnagar fell prey to bomb blasts .	2
all hale and hearty individuals , please donate blood !	2
who is the bomb-maker sayed maqbool , as possible links are seen between the hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blasts , bjp slam government .	2
bomb blast in hyderabad .	1
lunch appears more imp rajiv shukla in rajyasabha , home minister will speak to parliament on .	1
11 killed , 50 injured , says home minister sushil kumar shinde .	1
hyderabad government had inputs that there could be blasts .	2
18 killed , 47 injured as two blasts rock hyderabad , .	1
poetic terrorism in parliament on hyderabad blast , no solution .	2
abdul wahid is present at mecca masjid blast & at dilsukhnagar too .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , two deadly explosions leave terror cloud over india .	1
if there is any one who needs help in hyderabad and needs our help in spreading the word , please tweet us .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , latest developments .	1
hyderabad blasts , all major cities on high alert , national capital delhi , mumbai and other major cities in the .	1
bharatserials agencies suspect im for hyderabad blast abp-hindi-news , investigation agencies found that .	1
all my prayers go out to people who got killed in hyderabad bomb attack .	2
seven killed in hyderabad blast , 7 feared dead , times now , seven killed in hyderabad blast , 7 feared dead , tim .	1
damn you autocorrect , i'm not responsible for hyderabad blast , its im indian mujahideen who is responsible .	2
trp first , ethics later send us your pictures from hyderabad blasts at .	2
15 crack teams to probe hyderabad blasts case the hindu , the hindu15 crack teams to probe hyderabad blasts .	1
hope peace prevails in hyderabad and we dont let the religious fanatics make it a case of islamic or hindu terror .	2
why do we need the nia team to fly to hyderabad .	2
shocking , hyderabad blasts , how warnings about ammonium nitrate by ex-secretary eas sarma ignored .	1
condolences to those affected by the hyderabad bomb blasts .	2
shocked to hear about the hyderabad blasts .	2
bomb blast in hyderabad local telugu channels streaming live from the bomb site .	1
india , hyderabad hit by serial bomb blasts 15 killed .	1
hyderabad blast , cops zero in on 2 im operatives .	1
two blasts in dilsukhnagar area in hyderabad .	1
AGoodDayToDieHard and hyderabad blasts trending at the same time ? now i know why there were blasts !	2
venkaiah naidu visits hyderabad blast sites .	1
shell shocked about hyderabad blast .	2
national security guards commandos rushed to hyderabad blast site , says home secretary , new delhi , feb 21 , nation .	1
shinde said , government knew its gonna happen !	2
state helplines for hyderabadblasts , 04027854771 , 04027853408 .	1
six killed in blasts in hyderabad wall street journal ibnlive six killed in blasts in hyderabad wall .	1
too much leniency by indian govt towards terrorists , anti social groups led to such incidents .	2
blasts have taken place near cinemas .	1
india hit by blast , hyderabad .	1
make dua and pray for peace .	2
hyderabad blasts , advani blames it on pakistan .	2
and if the boys who bombed dilsukhnagar are indeed caught , they should simply claim to be balaks .	2
blast 1 , konark , at 7.01 pm , blast 2 , venkatadri , at 7.06 pm .	1
anurag sharma , i know no explanation will suffice , but we did our best to prevent blasts .	2
hyderabad blast , dilsukhnagar limping back to normalcy , economic times , traffic returned to normal and .	1
twin blasts rock india's hyderabad raises many questions may the victims rip , .	1
i'm sure many of the afzalguru sympathisers here will protest again if the hyderabad blasts mastermind bhatkal is caught & executed .	2
twin explosions in hyderabad , south india , 11 dead , 50 injured please share hyderabad blast help numbers .	1
damn , hyderabad blasts , stay safe hyderabad .	2
upa govt taking terrorism casually , bjp hyderabad blast .	2
police have a theory that explosions are the work of a professional terror group .	2
hyderabad blast important phone numbers , must share , .	1
lok sabha resumes and takes up discussion on hyderabad blasts rajya sabha adjourned till 2.30 pm .	1
hyderabad twin-blast , was it a revenge act .	2
oh god !	2
13 killed , 83 injured as twin blasts rock hyderabad , ied blasts rip through crowded areas at dilsukhnagar .	1
why bjp and other national political parties are mum atleast condemn blasts in hyderabad .	2
16 killed , one detained in old city today .	1
terror returns , again on cycle , 13 killed in hyderabad twin blasts .	1
hyderabad blasts , it keeps getting worse .	2
i repeat hyderabad people do not panic if you can not reach anyone's cellphone near dilsukhnagar , apparently signals are .	2
was going through hell lot of feelings already and now this hyderabad blast has spoilt my mental balance completely- so many injuries and death .	2
the prime minister , dr. manmohan singh , has strongly condemned the bomb blasts in hyderabad .	2
hyderabad blasts , boy's death in blast saddens village .	2
hyderabad blast 2013 , indian mujahideen founder riyaz bhatkal orchestrated attack from pakistan , as the cctv .	2
hyderabad blast , delhi police hunt for im operative raju bhai .	1
hyderabad police commissioner , government has decided an award of rs 10 lakh to whoever gives information on the hyderabadblasts .	1
i posted 6 photos on facebook in the album hyderabad blast .	2
make lousy kiranreddy resign would love to see all fanatics in such a sorrow state !	2
horrifying story by witness .	2
india hunts bombers after hyderabad blast .	2
please call 09849004207 needs ab+ve blood for , farida narayana .	1
live , hyderabad blasts united jehad council , ujc , may be behind the zee news , live .	2
hyderabad blast emergency thanks to super cars , exotics and imports in hyderabad .	2
seems people here are more sensitive towards indvsaus 1st test and cricket players than hyderabad blasts and its victims !	2
i came to twitter hoping to hear a lot more info about hyderabad blast .	2
on february 21st two bombs exploded in a district of hyderabad , one of india's largest cities .	1
no one has any doubt what the name of jihadis who bombed hyderabad would be , few names are same in every blasts in india .	2
bjp dismisses shinde's routine statement after hyderabad blasts hindustan times , hindustan time .	1
modi offers condolences to kin of victims , modi today said he was saddened by the news of b .	2
live blog , serial blasts rock hyderabad , 15 feared dead .	1
timesnow claims government knew in detail that who is going to blast specifically at dilsukhnagar .	2
the intelligence bureau and the hyderabad police have now confirmed that hyderabad blasts is an act of terror .	1
by organising hyderabad blasts , hindutva elements have declared war on india .	2
10 killed in hyderabad blast more photos , .	1
hyderabad blast , limping back to normalcy , shopkeepers , roadside vendors resume business , traffic returns to normal .	1
indian funds , modi offers condolences to kin of victims .	2
i'm appalled at the hyderabad blasts .	2
hamid ansari arrogance not letting to speak the opposition mp & convey their grevience to hm on hyderabad blast is very unfortunate , biased .	2
misleading reporting by few in media , this news says dilsukhnagar is communal sensitive area , but the truth is it .	2
hyderabad blast , multiple deaths .	1
bomb blast in dilsukhnagar , hyderabad , near venkatadri theatre many feared dead .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , improvised explosive devices used .	1
hyderabad blast help line numbers .	1
we are coping with bengal riots not reported by paid media and now the hyderabad blasts .	2
can not make headway in hyderabad twin blast case because vips trampled on daily news & analysis .	2
hyderabad blast 22 dead , .	1
serial blasts rock hyderabad , high alert declared , news india .	1
alas , for the indian spectre its just a passing day .	2
medical experts against too many vips visiting hyderabad blast victims .	2
some more bombs recovered at bus stop & a foot over bridge , place not mentioned , aajtak on hyderabad blast .	1
while said dilsukhnagar is famous for its meat shops , hyderabadis go there to seek blessings at saibaba and hanuman mandir .	2
how can we expect the follower of a paedophile and plunderer to be peacefull hyderabad blast once again proved their acts of lunacy .	2
please share helpline number is 04027853408 hyderabad blast , help numbers .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , young man's dream of being a cop killed .	2
blasts near konark and venkatadri cinema halls around 7 pm .	1
many of the injured in the twin bomb blasts in hyderabad are young students .	1
i added a video to a playlist bomb blast in dilsukhnagar tv5 .	2
brave are the ones who are protected by z+ security and the impotent law .	2
bjp leader smriti irani's reaction on hyderabad bomb blast watch video , bjp .	1
welcome to shinde reign .	2
hyderabad blast is very unfortunate , bjp/sangi supporters , shut up you have no morale to comment on terror .	2
pieces of human flesh , blood on hyderabad blast sites pieces of human flesh , blood , mangled remains of .	1
breaking news , serial blasts in hyderabad , india .	1
you said it we hanged two terrorist but they killed 15 and 100 injured .	2
ndtv gave chance to owaisi to issue statement on hyderabadblasts why don't they invite togadia too slowly they .	2
hyderabad blast victim rao laid to rest .	1
at least 15 killed in three blasts in hyderabad's dilsukh nagar .	1
2 huge bombs were diffused at autonagar and l.b nagar .	1
high alert in odisha following series of blast in hyderabad , .	1
2 serial blasts in hyderabad several injured & death toll 10 & is expected to rise media says we had some .	1
pm visits hyderabad blast sites , meets injured , lead , three days after two powerful bombs killed 16 people and .	1
india hyderabad blast site feb 21 , 11 reported dead so far .	1
nitish kumar condemns hyderabad blasts , kumar expressed confidence that security personnel engaged in the probe would go deep into .	2
terrorism is like blacksea that no life .	2
bomb blasts in hyderabad , india , initial reports of 23 deaths .	1
hyderabad blasts , security tightened at indo-nepal border .	1
10 minutes before blast dig police of hyderabad visited the site where bomb blasted .	1
deadly blasts hit india's hyderabad , police say at least seven people killed and nearly 50 have been injured in three .	1
mid day news headlines prime minister assures all necessary help to the families of hyderabad blast victims an .	1
nia , nsg teams flying to hyderabad blast site , home secretary elite teams of the national investigation agency .	1
can we draw any line of linkage with armsgate and today hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blasts , cctv footage may hold vital clues ndtvfeed .	2
corp meeting in hyderabad india due to the three bombs going off there .	1
shinde , info on terror attack was generic .	2
god give courage to blast affected people .	2
indian shinde visits hyderabad blast site , toll climbs to 14 , union home minister .	1
home minister , for last 2 days we had information which we kept passing on .	2
pm visits blasts sites in hyderabad , hyderabad , three days after two powerful bombs killed cray tweet network .	1
nia says 3 blasts confirmed , nia reaching blast spot in hyderabad .	1
twice lucky or something fishy , a person who survived hyderabad blast also survived last blasts that took 5 .	2
a very sad day for india .	2
breaking , sources say indian mujhahideen top suspect for hyderabad blasts .	1
feel bad hearing about the blasts in hyderabad hope people are safe .	2
i am not interested in predicting the religion of hyderabad blast accused .	2
aimim in hyderabad is behind the blast congress still helping them .	2
hyderabad police , two bomb blasts , 11 people were killed and 50 .	1
medical staff treat the injured at the omini hospital kothapet in hyderabad .	1
government will not be slack in cracking hyderabad blast case , sushil kumar shinde .	2
now chatting , cnn-ibn's preeti singh on the latest developments in the hyderabad blast case .	1
shinde says we had some information that blasts could occur , but no specific information .	1
intelligence alerts over hyderabad blasts ! my cartoons-6 .	2
hyderabad blasts three blasts in dilsukhnagar area , helpline numbers , +919391351543 , 09963857749 , 09440379926 .	1
so sad hyderabad blast dead bodies .	2
hyderabad blasts , key developments over the last 24 hours .	1
mim leader asaduddin owaisi objects to reports on indian mujahideen's hand in hyderabad blasts .	1
blasts reported in hyderabad , dilsukhnagar .	1
let’s not name any outfit , says shinde , nia has already begun probe into hyderabad blasts .	2
hyderabad blast , toll rises to 16 the hindu .	1
hyderabad blast is a fateful .	2
hyderabad blast proved once again the threat frm muslim terrorist & akhilesh yadav needs to think twice before freeing muslims lodged in jail .	2
i am here to share your pain , grief , pm to hyderabad blast victims hindustan times , hindustan timesi am here .	2
india , other major cities placed on high alert after bombings in southern city of hyderabad .	1
hyderabad terror attack , multiple deaths , india is on high alert after two explosions in the southern city o .	1
for hyderabad blast victims , blood donors needed , contact the .	1
the massive explosion at dilsukhnagar literally shattered the dreams of a youngster who was to be married after .	2
my response on home minister's statement on 22.2.2013 hyderabad bomb blasts .	2
lot of traffic moving around and 7 confirmed dead .	1
please help numbers , dhanalaxmi ambulance services at dilshuknagar +919391351543 .	1
doctor son turns terrorist .	2
hyderabad blast victims stare at bleak future hyderabad , yadagiri , 25 , a resident of amberpet , lost his left .	1
hoping that our colleagues in hyderabad are all ok , .	2
omar meets shinde , jdu , claims hyderabad blast as aftermath of afzal's truthdive .	2
14 killed in hyderabad blast , nearly 80 wounded .	1
hyderabad blasts , 13 dead , 85 injured .	1
hyd friends , please stay safe at least 10 killed and dozens reportedly injured in two hyderabad blasts .	1
I am still shocked that hyderabad blasts happened where i rode my motor bike 2 years back .	2
hyderabad blast accused , .	2
hyderabad blasts , 12 dead , 57 injured in , toll may go up , shinde says .	1
indian interior minister says 11 people killed in twin bomb blasts in hyderabad city .	1
ahmed , father of the youngest victim of hyderabad blasts collapsed every time he saw his son's half blown body- .	2
deaths in hyderabad blasts increased to 22 , reported , more than 50 injured , ch9 .	1
so and so person has claimed the .	2
hyderabad blast this city is cursed .	2
new blog posting , hyderabad blast , is there an end to terrorism .	2
people against death penalty , applied mercy plea in advance for hyderabad blast terrorists , .	2
hyderabad bombings killed 14 , indian minister , police .	1
rahulji how will your government investigate hyderabad blast case rahulji , you should tell me how you as a youth will investigate this case .	2
all those who voted for upa2 are responsible for these .	2
bjp president to visit hyderabad , meet families of blast victims .	1
us condemns hyderabad blast , offers assistance in probe ndtv , ndtvus condemns hyderabad blast , offers assist .	2
live blog from on the hyderabad blasts .	1
shinde needs to go .	2
please share , hyderabad blast , help numbers dhanalaxmi ambulance services at dhilshuknagar +919391351543 .	1
people in old city afraid that probes would result in another round of harassment .	1
indian police search for evidence in bomb attack , hyderabad , india , ap , indian police investigating a dual be .	1
during hyderabad blasts sagarika ghose tweeted dilsukhnagar has more meat shops hinting it is a muslim area .	2
1st tell do you work hyderabad police chief on blasts , 303 cctvs for traffic management , 23 don't work .	2
why did terrorists choose this day for blast why did they target hyderabad ver very serious questions shinde sir .	2
ls speaker kumar condemns hyderabad blasts , ls speaker kumar condemns hyderabad blasts .	2
my town again in news for bad reasons no azamgarh link to hyderabad blast suspects , up cops .	2
nonsense indian media paints mqm's slain mpa manzar imam as mastermind of hyderabad blast , says he is leader of islamic organization .	2
twitter-world be aware that nobody can spread communal-venom out of hyderabad blast , its a challenge for india & world to restrain fanaticism .	2
home minister , 10 killed in hyderabad serial blasts .	1
police is just to protect ministers , no protection and security for members of public .	2
government of india dehumanising victims by throwing money as a balm to loss of loved ones .	2
even if some maqbool or imran are behind hyderabad blast , it must be assumed they were hired by the saffron rss , islam is religion of peace .	2
let us not forget abhishek verma and the chopperscam in the din of hyderabad blasts .	2
every channel in the race to win more trp's by jumping on the hyderabad blast verdict .	2
hyderabad blast accused , share this guys .	1
at least 15 killed in hyderabad blast outside movie theatre .	1
many blood requirements at osmania , yashoda , omni hospital .	1
his job over now , can go to sleep peacefully pm condemns hyderabad blasts .	2
one maulana who was behind bar in haren pandya case and released on bail , is one of the suspect in hyderabad blast , aajtak .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , the human face of tragedy .	2
one blast took place near venkatadri theatre , second near konark theatre .	1
thoughts and prayers to all the families of the victims of the hyderabad blasts awful news and exceptionally upsetting .	2
one another blast in hyderabad .	1
please check this image for all emergency numbers in hyderabad , .	1
shinde , 11 people have died , 78 injured .	1
flash news , terror attack in hyderabad , serial bomb blast in dilsukhnagar .	1
home minister shinde on hyderabad blasts , i informed the pm about the blasts .	1
hyderabad dilshuknagar bomb blasts help line , please share this info hyderabad blasts dilshuknagar hospitals , .	1
looks certain that to save shinde after terror bomb blast , congress high command will take head of kiran kumar reddy .	2
pm condemns bomb blasts in hyderabad .	1
my condolences go out to the families affected by the hyderabad such an unfortunate event .	2
check this pm visits hyderabad bomb blast sites , the prime minister will also pay a .	1
hyderabad blast , help numbers dhanalaxmi ambulance services at dilshuknagar +919391351543 , 09963857749 , 09440379926 .	1
sad to hear about the hyderabad blast .	2
recent hyderabad blast for me was beyond human to human cruelty .	2
government should give shoot at sight orders for criminals rather waiting for president decision on mercy plea for decades .	2
netas should donate blood .	2
cant understand why bjp netas are so eager to link afzal issue with hyderabad blast w/o investigation .	2
dilsukhnagar limping back to normalcy .	1
times of india has a very active live blog with details on the hyderabad bombing .	1
hyderabad blasts , nia team raids two bihar districts to nab alleged im operatives .	1
blood banks dilsuknagar , slms 04064579998 kamineni 039879999 bindu 09246373536 balaji .	1
hyderabad blast , today evening i heard two loud explosions within a matter of few seconds .	2
helpline number is 04027853408 .	1
breaking , 7 feared dead in hyderabad blast reports .	1
dilsukhnagar hyderabadblasts helpline numbers from the government , 04027853408 , 04027854771 and +919391351543 .	1
serial blast in hyderabad near a busy market , atleast 11 killed .	1
i hope we find out the real perpetrators of hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blast probe has been handed over to sit , says anurag sharma .	1
hyderabad blast update , death toll rises to 22 , more than 50 injured , some are critical .	1
shinde visits hyderabad blast sites , toll climbs to 14 , union home minister sushil kumar shinde on friday visited .	1
a hyderabad blast witness tells you how it feels .	2
the hyderabad blast is appalling !	2
sorry to say but the reigning government of india is a terrorist friendly government !	2
hyderabad blast , manish tewari condemns hyderabad blast .	2
india's home minister tells reporters 11 killed in twin hyderabad blast , says 1 bomb killed 8 , the other killed 3 .	1
in oct last year , delhi police special cell knew dilsukhnagar was surveyed by people known to a busted im module .	1
hyderabad terror attack , multiple deaths .	1
centeral government says they informed state government .	1
may the souls of hyderabad blast victims rest in peace .	2
attention please retweet this , helplines , hospitals at dilsukh nagar .	1
hyderabad blasts dastardly attack , guilty should not go unpunished , says pm , while expressing shock and grief .	2
shocked after heard about hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad terror attack , multiple deaths , at least 12 people have been killed and dozens others injured in .	1
hyderabad blast , hello govt , do you ever grieve or is it just another blast just criticize and compensate !	2
check this hyderabad bomb blasts , initial probe suggests hand of indian mujahideen , .	1
since when did he became home minister singh , the roots of this attack seem to be in pakistan .	2
dilshuknagar hospitals , sairam 04024064532 vijaya 024069500 savitha 066632381 .	1
perpetrators of hyderabad blasts will be apprehended , shinde .	2
rip victims of hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blast pic .	1
published , ied attacks against civilian targets in dilsukhnagar , hyderabad , 21 february 2013 .	1
but some fucking bastards use religion as cover .	2
god bless the victims of hyderabadblast !	2
the same old enemy indian mujahideen linked to hyderabad blast .	2
people told me they heard sound of hyderabad blasts from far away mp akbaduddin owaisi .	2
hyderabad blast , india intelligence scans pakistan terror link , the intelligence agencies are concentrating .	1
why can not we stop them is our intelligence sleeping .	2
we're talking about it we will forget this in few days , it should not end here .	2
monitor latest conflicts from india , .	1
my prayers for 117 injured in hyderabad blast for fast recovery and condolence for the family who lost love ones no ones friend .	2
do not link hyderabad blasts to ajmal-afzal hangings .	2
2007 revisited when 40 died at a blast in lumbini part .	2
on a day when india is processing the shock of hyderabad blasts can we please have embargo on netas mouthing platitudes on tv .	2
pm condemns bomb blasts in dilsukh nagar , hyderabad appeals for calm .	2
hyderabad blasts , blame game over intelligence inputs , im under scanner , a blame game over intelligence inputs .	2
what can one say , that has not been said .	2
god give strength to the families who lost their loved ones .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , 16 killed , one detained in old city today , hyderabad bomb be .	1
dilsuknager is an area where andhra's people has domination , its a busiest area of city out skirt 9km away from charminar .	2
this is how dilsukh nagar looks on a typical day .	2
hyderabad blast , cctv image may provide breakthrough .	2
how worse politicians can be going to the blast site giving interviews , destrying crucial evidence , raising slogans against gvt .	2
chief minister and senior officials are reaching spots where blasts took place in hyderabad .	1
many of the injured people in hyderabadblasts have either been affected by loss of hearing or amputation of legs .	1
govt faces flak in ls on hyderabad blasts business standard , ibnlivegovt faces flak in ls on hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blasts kill 16 , injures over 119 .	1
india terror , hyderabad terror attack , multiple deaths , at least 11 people have been killed and dozens ot .	1
more than 50 injured in the hyderabad blast .	1
thank you for demonstrating great sensitivity dear send us your pictures from hyderabad blasts .	2
target in hyderabadblasts by terrorists was the temple .	1
people near the blast sites , please be human , don't panic , please take the seriously injured to nearest hospital in your vehicles .	2
spineless government getting ctizens killed for vote banks .	2
reports of twin bomb blasts in the south indian city of hyderabad trickling in .	1
government had intelligence warning but no specific info , shinde wow shinde sir congrates .	1
tribute today's indians who died in hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blast guilty must be punished azad .	2
your friend mitght be from pakistan's hyd .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , shinde comes under opposition attack in rajya sabha , shinde made a statement in the hou .	2
ok , ntv says that some cylinders burst near a theatre in dilsukhnagar , in hyderabad .	1
hang all the basterds behind hyderabad blast .	2
sources , im operative imran khan agreed they had receed hyderadab blast sites .	1
saffron terror behind hyderabad blast .	2
rss hand cannot be ruled out in hyderabad blasts .	2
two blasts in dilsukhnagar in hyderabad , several casualties , 50 reported injured .	1
just another day in india , where we will tweet , arnab shouts , liberals make money , real terrorists get away .	2
im used ammonium nitrate in hyderabad blast long back warned & criticised govt importing ammonium nitrate .	1
two suspects of hyderabad blast arrested from indo-nepal border watch video , .	1
hyderabad blasts , government issues helpline number .	1
pictures , bomb blasts rock hyderabad photos , pictures , bomb blasts rock hyderabad pictures , pictures , bomb blast .	1
we had intelligence inputs , but i was busy in chintan shivar praising madam and kid .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , us condemns attack , offers assistance in probe .	1
possible blowback of afzal and kasab hangings .	2
bharatserials three accused behind hyderabad blast , sources abp-hindi-news , sources said that there are .	1
just in shinde , death toll likely to rise .	1
friday prayers for the hyderabad blast victims .	2
senior bharatiya janata party , bjp , leader l.k. advani saturday indirectly charged pakistan of involvement in the hyderabad blasts .	1
niti central , bjp leader arun jaitely speech on hyderabad blast in rajya , .	1
blast near sai baba temple , after khasab's execution oh sorry i'm not relating this with muslims .	2
need a+ve blood yashoda cancer hospital-malakpet in hyderabad , call 09985260000 .	1
uhoh , you just snatched a possible headline from national dailies no azamgarh link of hyderabad blast suspects , up police .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , tragic tale of two mothers .	2
there's darkness , and then there's an abyss and below that , you would find shri sushil kumar shinde .	2
multiple deaths in hyderabad blasts .	1
12 killed in twin bomb blasts in southern india , hyderabad , india , ap , a pair of bombs exploded thursday evening in .	1
shinde has said , we were informed 2 days before .	2
sushil shinde reaches the spot .	1
hyderabad blast , again muslim organisations named on the same day of blast before even investigations started .	2
are you a dickhead hyderabad blast 2013 , indian mujahideen founder riyaz bhatkal orchestrate .	2
may be an extension of owaisi's speech , sushma swaraj ibtl .	2
at wrong time even right thing becomes wrong stop this modi stuti .	2
hyderabad blast a big tragedy lets discuss terrorism-reason & how to finish it .	2
hyderabad blast toll is 16 , 117 people are injured , sushil kumar shinde in lok sabha .	1
mr arnab is mere linking hyderabad blast to pak is of any use , when india can not force pak to act on hafiz let be practical .	2
hyderabad , blast in a market , 15 dead , 40 injured .	1
need arnab on the case now .	2
ied used in twin blasts , says dgp .	1
just when you think they are gone the terrorists strike again shocked to hear about the hyderabad serial blasts .	2
news of blasts in hyderabad is saddening .	2
click on for claims related to this unfortunate event .	1
dilshukhnagar junction is the busiest place in the whole of hyderabad .	2
hyderabad blast , us offers assistance in probe .	1
hyderabad blast , 7 feared dead what's happening now .	1
today's first blast was reported at a park and it was followed by another in an eating joint in hyderabad , more .	1
no azamgarh link of hyderabad blast suspects , up police .	1
bomb blast in hyderabad hope you are safe there .	2
bomb blast in hyderabad in busy commercial area .	1
9 killed in hyderabad blast 5 in police firing .	1
hyderabad bomber identified as manzar of indian mujahideen , sources tell .	1
please monitor tweets spreading rumors or trying to give hyderabad blast communal color .	2
foreign delegates keep off hyderabad after blasts , terror-hit hyderabad seems to be the least prefer .	2
pray for all who were affected of hyderabadblasts .	2
watching the news now , and prayers to all the lives lost in the hyderabad blast .	2
hyderabad blast a revenge for afjal guru hanging .	2
press leaks now bragging about how government had detailed intelligence months in advance of hyderabad blasts .	2
hyderabad blast probe , terror hunt spreads to 3 states , investigators are looking at three other suspects .	1
update , afp police say seven people have died and 47 people hurt in bomb blasts in indian city of hyderabad .	1
argumentative indians wait next week v are all busy with brousers bears , bulls .	2
indian mujahideen linked to hyderabad blast .	1
the hyderabad blast is another cowardly act by a terrorist organistn that doesnt have the guts to stand in the open & make demands .	2
hyderabad blasts shatter congress's comfort after afzal guru's hanging .	2
to shadow the chopperscam tough to digest but then congress can do anything !	2
let them not hide it with hyderabad blast report .	2
i have met some of the injured people , the death toll is 14 and 119 persons are injured , sushil kumar shinde .	1
reports of explosion from busy commercial area in hyderabad .	1
terror haunts again multiple blasts feared in hyderabad .	1
right after the hyderabad blasts some one changed to islamic terror for meccamasjid blasts .	2
hurt about the hyderabad bomb blast !	2
hyderabad blasts , 1 kg of ammonium nitrate used in bombs times of india .	1
cities on high alert after twin bomb blasts rock hyderabad tv5 , .	1
hyderabad blast and bandh !	2
dilshuknagar hospitals , sigma 04067120218 good life 049640328 vasan eye 043400200 hariprasad .	1
delhi police , indian mujahideen carried out recce of dilsukhnagar in 2012 .	1
states were warned that there could be blasts , home minister sushil shinde incompetence !	2
somewhere some left loon is already drafting a post on kafila campaigning against capital punishment for the hyderabad blast perps .	2
share these hyderabad blasts helpline numbers 09391351543 09963857749 09440379926 times of india , hyderabad .	1
terribly sad to learn of the hyderabad blasts , .	2
breakthrough cctv footage from dilsukhnagar blast found .	1
conspiracy theories precede tragic events , it seems .	2
manmohan visits hyderabad blast sites .	1
along with state home minister shud resign as both could not avoid the hyderabad blast despite having prior intelligence input .	2
thanks to tweeples for protest against hyderabad blasts & passing on the helpline numbers .	2
gujrat cm modi offers condolences to kin of hyderabad blast victims .	2
families of victims in hyderabad blast will join ranks of thousands of other families all over india as a government will do nothing .	2
hyderabad blast was a pre-planned attack says ap chief minister .	2
hyderabad blasts , 12 dead , 78 injured shinde says toll may rise pm vows punishment , .	1
hyderabad blast culprits will be booked soon , shinde .	2
it is a cowardly act to kill the .	2
us condemns hyderabad blast , offers assistance in probe , the united states on thursday .	2
have you seen are hyderabad blasts the handiwork of locals on rediff yet you should and now .	2
police control rooms , 04027852435-36 , 04023261166 .	1
death toll now 12 , injured 57 , home secretary singh .	1
declaring high alert after bomb blast is like telling men to wear condom's once women is pregnant hyderabad blasts .	2
all the hyderabad'is better dont go outside be at home .	2
osmania general hospital numbers for blood donation for the hyderabadblasts victims , 04024600789/246100146 .	1
wait till some one drops on us !	2
this hyderabad blast has proved that the city has become the hub of jihadi forces is it possible that any such .	2
home minister sushil kumar shinde to address sabha at 2:00 pm on hyderabad blasts .	1
a prayer to all those affected in hyderabad by the blasts .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , a survivor's request is please don't do it again .	2
shinde visits hyderabad blast sites , assures thorough probe .	1
hyderabad serial blast , people thought the first explosion came from a gas cylinder .	1
twin blasts rock india's hyderabad .	1
serial bomb blasts in hyderabad .	1
after bombay and delhi , hyderabad seems to be emerging as a favorite target .	2
indian hyderabad blast , toll rises to 16 , five students who were in the area to .	1
salman khurshid condemns hyderabad blast watch video , foreign affairs minister .	2
wish i was in hyderabad to help bombing victims , what's the point being a doc otherwise !	2
political leaders visit hyderabad blast area , chief minister kiran kumar reddy reached the area along with home minister .	1
hyderabad blasts , police quiz two-time terror survivor abdul mirza daily news & analysis , .	1
shattered glass , blood , slippers strewn at the blast spot in dilsukhnagar in hyderabad .	1
hyderabad blasts , six detained for questioning , as the hyderabad police continues investigations in the serial .	1
yasin bhatkal went out hyderabad , patna , darbhanga , nepal and nitish ji had protested ats raid in bihar for secularism !	2
have you any thing to say about who is responsible for these acts solely being as a pm you are the main culprit .	2
really sad to hear about hyderabadblasts , shinde ji .	2
bomb blasts near dilsukhnagar bus stand in hyderabad at least 7 people injured .	1
so increasingly looking like terrorism-has-no-religion type terror , as opposed to bjp/rss-sponsored terror .	2
what happened to the nia office in hyderabad the .	2
hyderabad blast , help numbers dhanalaxmi ambulance services at dilshuknagar +91 9391351543 , 9963857749 , 9440379926 .	1
hyderabad blasts , at least 11 killed , 78 injured , hours after two bombs exploded in a crowded area of hyderaba .	1
7 feared dead , 20 others injured in 5 blasts in hyderabad , report , the blasts took place in a .	1
hyderabad police again failed to control terrorism as well as bomb blasts .	2
india bicycle bombs kill 12 in hyderabad .	1
ok timesnow , 7 feared killed 20 injured thats very horryfying news .	1
praying for all of my india friends this morning .	2
report , recce of dilsukh nagar was ordered by im leader riaz bhatkal .	1
ammonium nitrate was used in the hyderabad blasts .	1
i am here to share your pain and grief , pm to hyderabad blast victims .	2
hyderabad blasts , cctv image may provide breakthrough times of india , times of indiahyderabad blasts , cctv i .	2
us condemns twin bombings in india , the united states has condemned thursday's bombings in hyderabad , india , .	2
pm sanctions 2 lakh each to next of kin of those killed in hyderabad blasts and rs 50,000 each to those seriously .	1
muslim organization of rangpo has strongly condemned hyderabad blast says terrorist have to be dealt strongly .	2
pm manmohan singh to visit hyderabad blast area , .	1
death toll rises , 14 dead in hyderabad twin blasts .	1
indian pm visits hyderabad blast sites .	1
feel very sad for the hyderabad blast , prays from afghanistan for the victims .	2
hyderabad , feb 21 , pti , nine people were killed and 32 injured tonight when at least three powerful serial blasts .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , andhra pradesh police register case .	1
if it proved that abdul wasif mirja took tea at 7 km in hyderabad blasts then sadhvi pragya must released .	2
twin blasts in hyderabad 10 dead , 50 injured says ndtv .	1
hyderabad blast , multiple deaths , at least 15 people are feared dead and dozens others are missing after .	1
i express my condolences to the family members of those killed in the hyderabad blast .	2
two words for folks who say , lets not politicize terror acts !	2
who should be accountable isn't state intelligence responsible for safety of citizen why there are no cctv hyderabad .	2
hyderabad blast victims & we wish a speedy recovery to the people injured in the blasts .	2
need blood donors in hyderabad call 07961907766 , 24x7 blood helpline , dilsukh nagar .	1
twin blasts rock india's hyderabad , at least two people are killed as two explosions hit the southern indian .	1
terrorism defeats india again blast in hyderabad .	2
pm condemns hyderabad bomb blasts , announces compensation for victims .	2
hyderabad blast death toll crosses 15 .	1
15 special teams constituted to crack hyderabad blasts case , 15 special teams have been set up to crack the .	1
fp hyderabad blasts , too many probe teams mucking around , the investigation into the hyderabad blasts so far .	1
series of bombs go off in hyderabad india , .	1
pm condemns hyderabad blasts .	2
hyderabad twin blasts , cries and chaos rent the air at hospitals , a dazed child with blood pouring down .	1
i hope the hyderabad blast has been suitably condemned .	2
hyderabad there must blood requirement after blasts .	2
it's shameful how in the race for trp's news channels have started playing cbi in the hyderabad blast case .	2
blasts in dilsukhnagar people in delhi and mumbai please be careful .	2
hyderabad blasts , bjp blames pakistan , wants scaled-down ties , blaming pakistan for the terror attacks in hyde .	2
ied used in twin blasts , dgp hyderabad , in the latest development , andhra pradesh dgp v dinesh reddy on .	1
blasts should be of happiness , love , compassion not like this blasts in hyderabad !	2
opposition denounces upa government over failure to prevent hyderabad blasts niticentral .	2
hyderabad blast witness speaks to firstpost , had to leave the dead on the road .	1
now the government will have to execute another convict to try hm's ass .	2
i liked a video hyderabad blast full video leaked .	2
not for bengal riots narendra modi offers condolences to kin of hyderabad blast victims , prays .	2
death toll has risen to 22 according to reports .	1
delhi policeman released expectation pictures of the dilsukhnagar bomb blast .	1
its tarnishing human dreams , hopes and future .	2
pm says , the blasts shinde , itoo , chidambaram , itoo , sonia , itoo , rahulg , ok hyderabadblasts chapter closed .	2
decibel level is optimum for my year unlik arnab show .	2
hyderabad blast , multiple deaths stay safe and other ovumnites .	2
rip those who lost their lives in hyderabadblasts all those who are injured , please pray for their speedy recovery .	2
blasts rocked hyderabad city many killed & injured .	1
hyderabad serial blasts , mumbai , karnataka put on high alert .	1
no wonder kaafir hindus have become 3rd class citizens in secular india !	2
hyderabad bomb blasts rock parliament , opposition attacks government for alleged lapses the times of india .	2
us secretary of state kerry expresses sympathy with victims of hyderabad blasts .	2
deeply saddened by hyderabad blasts .	2
five young students among 14 dead .	1
bomb blasts in hyderabad , 11 dead , 80 injured .	1
hyderabad blast reaction to kasab , afzal guru hanging , shinde .	2
when death came calling at favourite joint hyderabad blast .	2
dilsukhnagar is a place where tomorrows bright india stay coming from villages to study in hyd !	2
deeply saddened to hear about the dastardly bomb blast in hyderabad .	2
pm , sonia , president and vice president condemns the hyderabad blast .	2
rajnath condemns hyderabad blast , condoles deaths .	2
social media come to the rescue again , watching news , hope and pray , hyderabad blast .	2
demand resignation of homeminister shinde for hyderabad blast hang gilani secretly as we did with .	2
how ignorant our system is .	2
hyderabad blast , centre had alerted all states on tuesday .	1
typical disgusting media vulture journalism send us your pictures from hyderabad blasts at .	2
hyderabad blast , tn comes under security blanket .	2
hyderabad blast and the same old story some likely answers by our shameless politicians , we condemn this .	2
death toll at 14 and number of injured at 119 .	1
i hope hyderabad is safe this morning and the viruses that set off the bomb are not .	2
deeply saddening and heart wrenching news from hyderabad .	2
sheds tears like in the batla house encounter , sonia gandhi expresses sorrow over .	2
hyderabad blasts , toll rises to 15 , calls emergency meet on dilsukh nagar explosions .	1
live , hyderabad blast toll rises to 16 as more succumb to injuries .	1
maha cm told me after mumbai serial blasts that cctvs for city were stuck in red tape , now not working in hyderabad .	1
hyderabad bomb blast , death toll climbs to 14 im suspected , the twin blasts .	1
in pictures , serial blasts in hyderabad kill at least 15 .	1
dr warned us all a year back .	2
this all happening because of shri shri calling the lawyer of afzal on national television to speak .	2
dtn delhi 2010 , venkaiah naidu visits hyderabad blast sites , senior bharatiya janata party , bjp , leader .	1
shell shocked to hear about blasts in hyderabad may those who lost their dear and near ones find strength to cope with .	2
hyderabad blasts , sai baba temple was initial target .	1
hyderabad blast , 14 dead , 75 injured shinde visits site .	1
needs ab+ve blood for , farida narayana hrudayalaya , suraram , jeedimetla , call .	1
let hand in hyderabad blast under probe , hyderabad , feb 24 , the hand of pakistan-based .	2
watch live , opposition slams government over hyderabad blasts in ls , watch live , opposition slams government over hyderaba .	2
hyderabad blasts helpline nos +919391351543 , 09963857749 , 09440379926 .	1
rajnath condemns hyderabad blast , condoles deaths , bjp president rajnath singh on thursday condoled the loss o .	2
hyderabad blast , hello government , do you even care do you know who am i what is the price of my life .	2
helpline numbers , 04027853408 , 09391351543 , 09963857749 , 09440479926 .	1
reports , 4 hyderabad blast suspects also believed to be behind 7/11 attacks .	1
blasts at hyderabad .	1
boss do you have any link three mim party member arrest for hyderabad bomb blast case .	2
people please stay away from dilsukhnagar blast site and let investigators do their work .	2
don't paint green or saffron to terror because it has only one color & that is red .	2
pm to visit hyderabad tomorrow in wake of the blasts hindustan times .	1
hyderabad blast , hello govt , yes it is cowardice , but cowards you too are , condemning as enemy wages war .	2
hyderabad bomb blasts , 14 killed , 119 injured police say improvised explosive devices used .	1
one person on this hashtag says there are more of telangana people who died in blast .	2
is the state & central govt trying to politicise hyderabad blast , even after 12 hours not officially declaring who was behind the blast .	2
delhi police constantly defying statements of home minister , left parties have asked for fairness in the hyderabad blast investigations .	2
cctv at dilsukhnagar area was functioning till 8.30 pm , says hyderabad police commissioner .	1
hyderabad blast probe , terror hunt spreads to 3 states firstpost , economic timeshyderabad blast probe , .	1
emergency helpline number of the andhra pradesh government 04027854771 .	1
here is a google news thread on all the news sources on this .	1
problem of plenty hinders hyderabad blast probe .	2
upa must be celebrating another chance to strengthen its vote bank shame .	2
death toll reaches 20 as bomb blasts hit india's hyderabad .	1
dastardly is the new word in pm's vocab .	2
we need to show zero tolerance for terrorism , whatever god we believe in .	2
helpline number , 04027853408 , 09391351543 , 09963857749 , 09440379926 .	1
im could be behind hyderabad blasts .	2
11 people killed in hyderabad , india , bomb blasts , home minister sushil kumar shinde confirms .	1
breaking news , twin blasts in hyderabad , 7 people killed , 20 injured casualties expected to rise .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , among the injured , man who survived 2007 mecca masjid blast .	1
shocking pic of hyderabad blast mostly youth killed .	1
terrorists says they didn't had shinde's email id so could not mail him the exact location of hyderabad blasts .	2
explosions rock hyderabad at least 20 killed blast .	1
hyderabad bomb blast victims shifted to hospital fast police commissioner sharma , watch hyder click for more .	1
it is very saddening that terrorists could explode bombs in hydera click for more .	2
twice , unlucky , injured in mecca masjid and dilsukhnagar blasts , he survived both .	1
one more failure of our mahaan indian government .	2
breaking , 9 killed , 32 injured in serial blasts in hyderabad , pti quoting official sources .	1
hope shinde saab didn't send the intelligence info to hyd police by speed post .	2
helpline number +919391351543 09963857749 09440379926 .	1
president condemns hyderabad blast , president pranab mukherjee on thursday strongly condemned the .	2
hyderabad blasts , hopeful of a breakthrough soon , says andhra pradesh top cop .	2
dilsukhnagar blast dattatreya comments , 21/02/13 studio , .	1
now with this rs10 lakh award , every top bjp leader will be rich all of them have information .	2
Hyderabad blasts is a signal to the people of our nation that no one is safe .	2
lashkar announces unconditional surrender after manmohan singh strongly condemns the hyderabad blasts .	1
so as the government was busy blocking iipm urls we get bombed !	2
shinde visits hyderabad blast site and appreciates the brilliance shown by muslims in executing it .	2
wahiduddin says he went all the way to dilsukhnagar just to have a cup of tea .	2
lots of rumors spreading it may be revenge for afzal guru hanging hyderabad bomb blast .	2
what is the color of hyderabad blast mr. shinde please let us know .	2
statement over hyderabad blast .	1
seriously stop giving aid to pakistan .	2
who is the bomb-maker sayed maqbool , as possible links are seen between the hyderabad blasts on thursday .	1
special prayers held in moradabad mosque for hyderabad blast victims .	1
wrote , hyderabad blast , high alert declared across andhra pradesh .	1
hyderabad rocked with blasts , toll climbs to 14 such madness , heartfelt condolences to victims .	1
home minister sushil kumar shinde says the government had attack alert 2 days ago but there was no specific .	2
hyderabad blasts , bodies , blood & smoke all around .	1
don't understand the point of vip's visiting blast sites , police end up managing them rather than investigate .	2
bomb blast at hyderabad 15 death reported till now .	1
hyderabad blasts , im bombs change over years but basics stay .	2
hyderabad helpline numbers , 04027854771 , 09391351543 .	1
hyderabad blast , cctv footage shows five people moving around in bicycles near explosion spot .	1
one of your employees is rejoicing on facebook over the killing of innocents in hyderabad blasts .	2
shinde again in trouble because of his statement after hyderabad blast .	2
in pics , 16 killed , 119 injured , .	1
sushil kumar shinde on hyderabad blasts , death toll has risen to 16 .	1
hyderabad blasts sponsored by pak , isi says rajnath singh .	2
hyderabad blasts , ib , nia , nsg officials to reach explosion sites soon , says .	1
sushil kumar shinde speaks in rajya sabha about hyderabad blast watch video , .	1
seven killed in hyderabad blast .	1
so the land of rascal owaisis buzzed again with bombs appeasement showing colors in hyderabad again .	2
it seems we know every link in the im network that carried out the hyderabad blast .	2
may be anurag sharma was at dilsukhnagar spot 23 minutes before the first blast !	2
asianet news hour , hyderabad blast , feb 22 , 2013 .	1
updated helpline info , please share ahead , .	1
i liked a video rajnath meets hyderabad blast victims .	2
hyderabad blasts , guilty will not go unpunished , says pm .	1
terror haunts india again as 12 killed in hyderabad blasts ibnlive .	1
rip those who lost there lives in hyderabad blast .	2
do not politicise or communalise the dastardly act .	2
today will unfortunately be a day of bomb blast tourism in hyderabad .	2
7 dead in multiple blasts in dilsukhnagar area of hyderabad .	1
we exposed how 40 per cent cctvs installed in critical areas were non functional in july'11 .	1
ravi shankar prashad speaks about hyderabad blast in rajya sabha watch video , .	1
blasts sadly , one of the very , very few things that put us on world news !	2
hyderabad blasts , why all such events presumed to be by right wing hindu activists spare some time , think of the agony of victims/families .	2
here is hoping everyone in hyderabad , india are safe following the blasts .	2
know that there would be a bombspot in hyderabad !	2
hyderabad blasts probe , evidence trampled by movement of vips , media , public police yet to make headway .	2
strange the toi headline this morning said 18 dead , toll rises to 16 .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , six people detained , cctv footage may have captured suspect .	1
14 dead , 119 wounded in india blasts , the united states has condemned thursday's bombings in hyderabad , india .	1
hyderabad blast witness , had to leave those we figured dead on the road .	2
nia , nsg teams flying to hyderabad blast site , rk singh .	1
hyderabad bomb blasts , police chief speaks to the media , hyderabad police chief is addressing the media .	1
congress government has failed on every front .	2
at least 11 killed in hyderabad blasts .	1
india will emerge stronger .	2
just another way to show the inefficient intelligence bureau .	2
heart goes out to hyderabad blast victims , families and the people .	2
hats off to the spirit of hyderabad .	2
hyderabad blast , inspects cctv images .	1
