usa today , cbs news , elementary school shooting reported .	1
these school shootings are ridiculous .	2
r . i . p to all that was lost in that school shooting .	2
bad times in america school shooting in connecticut , us , say police .	2
children are among the dead , .	1
what would make someone harm a child this world sucks .	2
heart goes out to families , sad in ct , one shooter is dead at newtown , ct school , .	1
if you allow your third-grader to be interviewed on national tv at the scene of a school shooting , you're a moron .	2
breaking , official with knowledge of conn school shooting , 27 dead , including 18 children .	1
please pray for the souls of the children that died and those grieving for them following today's school shooting in newtown , connecticut .	2
heart goes out to all the families who lost love ones this morning at sandyhook elementary in the shooting .	2
attention until further notice tweets on this feed are regarding the school shooting in newton/sandy hook connecticut .	1
damn you gotta be one sick fuck to go shoot up an elementary school .	2
wtf is wrong with people .	2
multiple persons were shot in newtown , ct elementary school shooting , news confirms .	1
i will never understand how somehow could shoot up a university or a school but for some sick fuck to shoot up a elementary school .	2
if you don't talk about guns now , when will you ever , reporting 27 dead , including 14 kids in ct school shooting .	1
flash , multiple dead in connecticut elementary school shooting some children shot but unclear if dead .	1
hospital representative in danbury , ct says they have received 3 patients from sandy hook school .	1
reports indicate it being an #elementary school .	1
breaking , police respond to report of school shooting in newtown , conn .	1
it's horrifying that an individual would point a gun at little kids .	2
what can drive someone to go into a school and do something like that #seriously praying for those effected .	2
breaking news ap , at least 27 dead , including 18 children , in ct school shooting .	1
26 total dead so far , 18 children .	1
apparently turning schools into prisons hasn't helped 31 school shootings since columbine in 1999 .	2
reports , at least 20 dead , 10 of them children , in conn elementary school shooting .	1
who tf would shoot up an elementary school people are sick .	2
live , continuing coverage of sandy hook elementary school shooting in connecticut .	1
just in hartford courant report multiple dead in connecticut school shooting .	1
what does it say about your country and gun culture when nobody is surprised at a public shooting in an elementary school says a lot .	2
another school shooting in america .	1
people trying to kill justin and an elementary school shooting in connecticut .	1
one school shooter is dead in #newtown , according to earlier reports of a second shooter are unconfirmed .	1
photo from of children being evacuated from sandy hook elementary school .	1
cbs now reporting that several children are dead in the ct school shooting .	1
what the hell americans mall shootings , school shootings , union thugs going crazy , and so many spewing hate !	2
hearing about this school shooting in ct makes me so sad .	2
police say shooter is dead but they .	1
suspect in conn , elementary school shooting dead at scene , source says , .	1
makes children sitting ducks .	2
children evacuated after school shooting , .	1
there has been an incident at sandy hook elementary .	1
ok mr. m . moore do your reseach and see what is going on in sandy hook , newtown ct .	2
parent at sandyhook elem school in newtown , ct reporting that the principal of school was shot by a male , many shots fired .	1
shooting at an elementary school .	1
due to a possible school shooting in newtown , ct , the superintendent of schools has put all schools in the district on lock down .	1
shooting up an elementary school fucking disgusting .	2
cnn confirms multiple fatalities at #sandyhook .	1
shooter at an elementary school .	1
what kind of grown man goes into an elementary school and starts shooting dont worry bro hell is waiting .	2
because there is no hope for humanity .	2
how does someone shoot up an elementary school , or a school in general people are sick .	2
school shooting reported in conn , breaking news , a dispatcher at the newtown volunteer ambulance corps says .	1
our focus should be on praying for the students & families of sandy hook elementary school .	2
first image of kids evacuating newtown , ct school where possible shooting is being reported .	1
noon news conf scheduled in connection with connecticut school shooting , .	1
prayers for students , parents , teachers , @ sandy hook elem school in conn where the school shooting took place .	2
grieving parents or faculty console one another outside sandy hook elementary after shooting this morning .	1
why do these shootings only happen in our country when will armed police guard every school .	2
my love and tears for all the families who lost loved ones .	2
sick fucks who fucking sits there and plans a shooting at a damn elementary school full of little ass innocent kids .	2
breaking news , newtown , ct active shooter at a school multiple victims , ct state police esu and chopper en route .	1
thanks for reaching out to as we work to bring you the latest on the conn school shooting .	1
please pray or just hope for the safety of everyone inside sandy hook elementary .	2
praying for newtown , ct and sandy hook elem school and all those affected by the school shooting .	2
at least 27 dead , about 18 children .	1
ap , gunman killed in shooting at elementary school in newtown , conn .	1
shooting at an elementary school , 27 dead including 14 children .	1
why would someone shoot up an elementary school 27 people are now dead and 25 of those were children .	2
those children are scared forever .	2
prayers are needed for everyone at sandy hook elementary school you can follow the ongoing situation live .	2
what kind of sick prick decides to shoot up a school full of kids .	2
where omg how there was a shooting in an elementary school people are fucking heartless .	2
horrified to be in ct now as this elementary school shooting unfolds in bucolic #newtown , 3 shot , including 2 kids and one adult .	2
something is so , so wrong with our country .	2
raw video , authorities investigate a shooting at sandy hook elementary school in newtown , conn , .	1
there are no words for such a tragedy .	2
yes , this is the time to talk about gun violence , more than 12 dead in newtown school shooting .	1
a shooter opened fire at an elementary school in newtown , connecticut .	1
state police confirm one shooter is dead .	1
breaking , several news outlets reporting more than a dozen deaths , including children , in newtown ct .	1
school shooting reported in #newton , ct , dispatcher says teacher has been shot in foot .	1
the number is at 18 kids & 8 adult fatalities according to fox .	1
school shootings make me sick .	2
more than a dozen people including elementary school children were shot and killed in ct school shooting , confirms .	1
cbs news reporting 27 people dead , 14 of them children .	1
wtf is wrong with people these days how can you go into a elementary school & start shooting little kids .	2
people we have got to stop the violence .	2
at least 1 shot in addition to dead gunman in ct school shooting .	1
triage area being set up at sandy hook fd for the school shooting at sandy hook elementary .	1
there are reports of a shooting at an elementary school in connecticut , details live now on tv and .	1
what kind of coward bitch made pussy shoots up an elementary school .	2
no one deserves to die this young .	2
need to get away from my computer for bit .	2
hopefully the news out of it doesn't turn out awful .	2
at least one child killed in ct school shooting , shooter said to be father of a student .	1
why do people do this dumb shit like i know thos .	2
my thought and prayers go out to the students teachers and parents .	2
connecticut school shooting , 3 victims hospitalized , video , .	1
turn the gun on yourselves first , not last !	2
pray for sandy hook , ct .	2
why do people decide it's good to shoot schools up .	2
it is and what is going on in this country michael hoping , praying this isn't true .	2
this school shooting is ruining my day .	2
i feel so angry at the fact that someone can shoot up an elementary school .	2
state police says they are going inch by inch room by room evacuating sandy hook elementary .	1
parents of sandy hook students can pick their children up at the fire station , bring identification .	1
a shooting at a us elementary school has reportedly killed at least 27 people including 14 children .	1
shooters in an elementary school i am so ashamed to be part of the human race .	2
what the fuck is wrong with people .	2
all my prayers for the children's family who died from a shooting in a school in connecticut .	2
what the fuck is this world coming to .	2
shooters attack an elementary school in ct another gun-free zone .	1
heartbroken by this elementary school shooting .	2
school shooting in connecticut kills 12 .	1
every parent should hold their child a little tighter tonight .	2
wtf is wrong with people shooting at a elementary school really .	2
police are responding to reports of a shooting at an elementary school in newtown , conn , .	1
more on elementary school shooting , apparent shooter is an adult , 2 handguns recovered per state official .	1
new school shooting .	1
new info on sandy hook elementary school shooting , report of shots fired sometime in the 9 a.m. hour .	1
lord , help us !	2
school shooting reported in #newton , ct .	1
some people should not have guns .	2
update , entire newton , ct school district in lockdown after shooting at sandy hook elementary , reports teacher shot .	1
there has been a shooting at a elementary school in newtown conn , a child is dead how sad is this to happen to a innocent child .	1
just heard a report that 27 are dead from a school shooting in ct and at least 10 were children .	1
is it just me or have there been a ton of mass shooting sprees this year , the elementary school in connecticut so sad .	2
video from the scene at sandy hook elementary school , .	1
school has been cleared .	1
at the worst school shooting in america that happened today .	2
shooting reported at connecticut elementary school u.s. news .	1
prayers go out to the kids at sandy hook elementary in connecticut , hopefully everything will be fine .	2
those poor kids & teachers , imagine how their parents feel breaks my heart .	2
breaking news us school shooting gunman dead .	1
this school shooting is so sad omg .	2
hartford courant reports children are among the dead in connecticut elementary school shooting , .	1
School children among more than a dozen reportedly killed in conn .	1
our hearts are breaking as details unfold with the connecticut school shooting .	2
suspected gunman in connecticut elementary school shooting is dead on the scene , source says , cnn .	1
really i just have no words .	2
multiple dead , several children wounded in sandy hook elementary school shooting .	1
update multiple fatalities at #newton's sandy hook elementary .	1
shooting at elementary school in connecticut c'mon son .	1
please pray for society .	2
i can't imagine being a parent and finding out there was a shooting at the elementary school my child goes to .	2
this world is full of filth .	2
for the love of god , can we please talk about gun control tomorrow .	2
police respond to school shooting , connecticut state police responded to reports of a shooting at an elem .	1
for what reason are we shooting 100 rounds in an elementary school .	2
multiple victims in connecticut school shooting .	1
the connecticut elementary school shooting is getting worse as the story develops .	2
just in reports of a school shooting in newtown , connecticut .	1
white house says president obama has been briefed about conn school shootings .	1
multiple dead in conn elementary school shooting reuters live coverage , pictures , txt and video , .	1
shooting at an elementary school and 19 kids and 9 adults died .	1
i am just sick over this yet another school shooting elementary school this time please say a prayer for these young children .	2
newtown school shooting wvit on the phone with hospital spokesperson , says three victims transported to hospital from school .	1
shooting reported at sandy hook elementary school in newtown cbs 5 kpho .	1
my heart hurts so badly .	2
praying for the families in ct .	2
cbs news is reporting multiple deaths in connecticut school shooting .	1
developing , has confirmed there are multiple dead , including children , in connecticut school shooting .	1
you know what else is disgusting interviewing third graders about the incident .	2
abc news reports that a dozen people including students were killed in the school shooting in connecticut .	1
turn on cnn , a gunman in connecticut went on a shooting spree in an elementary school this morning .	1
27 people dead in that school shooting .	1
unfortunate cnn just in , confirmed that 1 child has passed , teachers & principal also shot .	1
what in the hell is this world coming to .	2
shooting up elementary schools is the new thing now !	2
wow these are dark days another school shooting .	2
what kind of world do we live in where someone just walks into an elementary school and starts shooting children , or anyone for that matter .	2
two adults killed in conn school shooting , parent who was at the school says , .	1
are you kidding me a shooting in a elementary school , i really hope the kids are okay .	2
shooting at a newtown elementary school are you kidding me .	2
breaking , over a dozen dead in elementary school shooting , sources report .	1
multiple deaths reported in shooting at conn , school .	1
who the fuck goes to an elementary school and shoots kids 27 dead already , what a shame .	2
children among victims in #newtown school shooting , sources confirmed .	1
absolutely shocked and horrified of the news that 27 people are dead after an elementary school shooting in newton , connecticut took place .	1
my heart goes out to new hope ct 27 dead after a shooting in an elementary school its a sick world we live in #godhelpusall .	2
the world is such a fucked up place shooting up an elementary school , who does that .	2
over 20 kids shot .	1
news just in , evacuations are underway after reports of a shooting at an elementary school in connecticut , usa .	1
what kind of human being shoots up a school man that shit crazy a school full of kids are traumatized behind senseless violence .	2
right i am really pissed tho the devil is really busy man who goes to a school & shoots little kids .	2
if you can go inna elementary school an shoot up a buncha kids you don't deserve the death penalty you deserve to be tortured .	2
man how you shoot up an elementary school 27 confirmed dead .	2
shooting up an elementary school speechless .	2
how could anyone commit a school shooting at an elementary school .	2
can't wait to see who this shooter was at the elementary school in #connecticut , piece of shit .	2
witnesses say must've been 100 rounds fired elementary .	1
can't imagine what a parent feels like .	2
these idiotic shootings have to stop .	2
you know the worlds coming to an end when there is a shooting in an elementary school .	2
the nra will be releasing a statement on the school shooting just as soon as their erections go away .	2
intense image shows students evacuating school shooting at least one gunman opened fire at sandy hook elementary sc .	1
people are sick , a shooting in a mall and now in a elementary school what is wrong with people these days .	2
bruh official confirms multiple fatalities in newtown school shooting .	1
as long as it is easy to get a hand gun in this country , no one is safe not even children .	2
developing story , schools in newton , ct are on lockdown after reports of a shooting at an elementary school , read more , . .	1
update , 27 dead in connecticut school shooting , reports wfsb-tv .	1
people are crazy !	2
police say the alleged shooter at a connecticut elementary school is dead , at least three people were hospitalized , .	1
police entering connecticut school where shooting reported evacuations underway more , .	1
another school shooting people are so fucked up it makes me sick .	2
state police assisting local cops at schools in newtown amid u .	1
what in the fuck is wrong with people now go to a school and shoot kids if you feel like killing someone like that kill yourself .	2
body of suspect in sandy hook school shooting is in classroom , source says , .	1
cbs news , as many as 27 dead , 12 children in ct elementary school shooting .	1
what is wrong with this country daily mass shootings now is is a school today a mall a theater now .	2
reports a source says close to 20 were killed , including 10 children , in a shooting at elementary school in ct .	1
18 elementary school kids and 8 adults killed and their families in the connecticut shooting .	1
3 victims taken to hospital after shooting at elementary school in #newtown , shooter dead .	1
such a tragedy .	2
prayers to the family of the 27 parents , students , and faculty shot and killed in connecticut elementary school shooting .	1
shit , breaking news , shooting & lockdown of schools in newton connecticut .	1
school shooting reported in newtown , conn , .	1
local coverage stating that while adults , faculty , were the targets , children were injured , and the shooter has been taken down .	1
yet another gun free zone target practice .	2
27 people dead 14 children horrible horrible horrible .	1
un-fucking-believable that anybody would shoot up an elementary school .	2
another incident where a gun walks into a school shoots the innocent then turns on itself and shoots itself .	2
latest reports say at least 27 dead in the connecticut school shooting incident .	1
school shooting reportedly began in a kindergarten classroom , live on .	1
parents running to sandy hook school trying to get to their kids , .	1
two individuals believed to be responsible for school shooting in newton , ct this morning .	1
cbs news confirms , 27 dead in connecticut school shoot .	1
it's pieces of shit like the fag from connecticut who decides to shoot up an elementary school who give gun owners a bad name #pussy .	2
police have surrounded a purple van at 33 crosby street in danbury that may be connected to newtown school shooting .	1
another shooting happen this morning at a elementary school in connecticut .	1
what has our world come to shooting at an elementary school .	2
idiot on msnbc asked if it is the right time to have parents come pick up the kids from elementary school shooting try to stop me asshole .	2
connecticut elementary school shooting , multiple deaths reported , multiple people have been killed in a shooting .	1
gunman dead , at least three hurt in connecticut school shooting .	1
alleged shooter at connecticut school is dead , official tells nbc news , two handguns recovered , more , .	1
now can we talk about gun control shooting at newtown elementary school .	1
27 dead .	1
wow , and elementary school shooting what is going on with this world .	2
flash , gunman in connecticut elementary school shooting is dead abc news , citing authorities .	1
one student dead .	1
praying for all involved , & families , in the connecticut school shooting today .	2
thoughts and prayers go out to the lives lost and families affected by the sandyhook elementary school shooting .	2
just in wabc-tv reporting all students have been cleared from school where shooting took place in newtown , connecticut .	1
apparently there was a shooting at an elementary school , and kindergarten kids were killed .	1
abc news reports more than a dozen , including kids , dead in #newtown elementary school shooting .	1
terrible news in america another school shooting .	2
we're streaming live coverage of the ct school shooting here reports of 27 dead , including 14 children .	1
it isn't much , but my prayers go out for those affected by this catastrophic event .	2
my heart goes out to the parents .	2
praying for all the children , teachers and their families in the sandy hook shooting .	2
shooting up a mall and then 2 days later another shooting at an elementary school .	1
they are just kids for heaven sakes .	2
praying for victims the other day , shooting at a mall , now shooting at an elementary school .	2
when is going to be the right time to talk about another school shooting in ct .	2
at least 1 dead after ct elementary school shooting , unverified reports cite possibility of a 2nd shooter .	1
my heart and prayers go out to the families for all the victims at sandy hook elementary .	2
thoughts are with the students of #sandyhook #newtown sad situation .	2
damn a child was killed in the shooting at the school man wtf is wrong with the wild today .	2
u.s. school shooter reported dead .	1
live video of connecticut school shooting coverage .	1
state police are responding to a report of a shooting at an elementary school in newtown .	1
at least dozen deaths in connecticut school shooting .	1
when will that fucked up country sort itself out .	2
you would have to be a proper sick bastard to walk into a primary school and start shooting children !	2
update , abc news reporting more than a dozen shot and killed in the shooting at sandy hook elementary school in newton , connecticut .	1
a shooting in an elementary school are you kidding me , what in the hell is wrong with people in this world .	2
this shooting at the elementary school is so crazy how could people be so evil those innocent kids wtf .	2
jesus please be with the families of the victims of the elementary school shooting in connecticut .	2
confirms at least one student dead , teacher wounded .	1
condolences to families & friends experiencing this tragedy .	2
breaking #news , multiple deaths at ct grade school shootings .	1
multiple local media reporting fatalities in the conn , school shooting , .	1
who goes into a school and shoots little kids what the fuck is wrong with people in this world .	2
wtf is wrong with peple why go into a elementary school with innocent kids and shoot it up my prayer and heart go out to the victims and family .	2
multiple people dead at connecticut elementary school shooting including several children .	1
cbc news network reporting more than 2 dozen killed in connecticut elementary school shooting more than 100 rounds fired , sickening !	1
keep everyone involved in the sandy hook massacre .	2
wcbs live stream of sandy hook shooting coverage , .	1
hearing about this elementary school shooting is making me sick what is wrong with people .	2
it fucking amazes me a person could go into an elementary school and shoot kids .	2
my prayers and condolences .	2
breaking abc news reports 2 gunmen were involved in ct elementary school shooting .	1
how can you conduct a shooting at an elementary school , what the fuck is wrong with people .	2
20 children possibly dead .	1
omg people have gone nuts shooting the elementary school sheesh .	2
deadly shooting reported at conn .	1
there are multiple confirmed deaths , including at least one child , in sandy hook school shooting in newtown .	1
by the time the cops show , its too late .	1
lord have mercy , shootings happening in elementary schools and killing innocent kids this is a nightmare .	2
wtf a shooting in newtown elementary school 10 kids shot what has this world come to .	1
a shooting in an elementary school are you kidding me , what in the hell is wrong with people in this world .	1
a shooting at a ct school is a good reminder of why yesterday's drill was so important .	2
abcnews is reporting 12 dead , including children at ct elementary school shooting .	1
heard 27 people killed at elementary school shooting in connecticut & 14 were kids .	1
following breaking news out of connecticut shooting at elementary school , reports of kids among the dead .	1
update , second gunman in newton elementary school shooting is apparently at large , sources tell abc news .	1
horrified to be in ct now as this elementary school shooting unfolds in bucolic #newtown .	2
another reported school shooting this time in newtown , ct , no confirmation on victims , state local pd there .	1
r . i . p to all the kids and people that just got killed this morning in the conneticut shooting at the elementary school .	2
completely heartbroken about the news of yet another school shooting .	2
omg my prayers go to the children and teachers that were in the shooting today in a elementary school children are dead .	2
my heart is sad .	2
ap reports 27 dead , including 18 children .	1
what the hell is wrong with this world shooting up an elementary school is the lowest you can get .	2
thoughts and prayers go out to connecticut shooting !	2
there was a shooting at a fucking elementary school in connecticut seriously what the fuck has this world come to .	2
who shoots up an elementary school this attention shit getting outrageous .	2
breaking , newtown , ct elementary school shooter was a student's dad .	1
this story has me paralyzed with sorrow the reports of deaths are unfathomable to the angels lost #senseless .	2
update , multiple children dead from ct elementary school shooting , possibly 27 .	1
prayers going out to the victims in connecticut .	2
what type of sick person would shoot up a elementary school omg poor kids .	2
what kind of sick fuck would shoot up an elementary school .	2
my god , how does this happen an elementary school & why .	2
who tf shoots at a elementary school wtf is wrong with people these days .	2
reports of up to 12 people killed in a school shooting in connecticut this morning , and could be much higher .	1
first image , kids walking out , crying as they evacuate sandy hook elem , in newtown , .	1
keep in your prayers , it was just shot up by a gunman who then killed himself .	2
alert breaking , hartford connecticut school shooting happened in kindergarten classroom children are among the dead .	1
that's school shooting is fucking sad .	2
news , one teacher wounded , shot in the foot , in elementary school shooting , live now , .	1
sister , driving to sandy hook , came upon some 1st graders running from school , she took them to police dept , kids were shaken .	1
shooting at newtown elementary school , reports of children being killed .	1
14 elementary kids were killed at sandy hook elementary school in ct .	1
danbury hospital press conference 1:00 press conference in newtown tredwell park .	1
another school shooting , how many more before action is taken .	2
there's been a shooting at a connecticut elementary school .	1
shooting at sandy hook elementary school newtown connecticut one shooter dead many injuries authorities .	1
a shooting in an elementary school really there are truly some awful people in this world #senseless .	2
my heart is breaking for those children and their families at the school shooting .	2
cbs news confirms , 27 people are dead in connecticut school shooting , 14 are children .	1
it blows my mind that someone would have the nerve to shoot innocent children in a elementary school .	2
at least 20 children shot .	1
watching that school shooting live on abc , the cops are chasing someone in the woods .	1
powerful picture kids crying , evacuating sandy hook elementary in newtown newtownbee .	1
school shooting at an elementary school in ct with 12+ people killed , some kids as well .	1
we take this time to offer prayers and sincere condolences to the victims affected by the sandy hook elementary school shooting , newtown ct .	2
live now , cbs news feed , updates on school shooting in newton , connecticut .	1
only someone with a special sickening brand of evil would shoot children in an elementary school .	2
the principal and a school psychologist were killed in friday's shooting at a connecticut elementary school , according to a parent account .	1
ct elementary school shooting really world , an elementary school fuck off .	2
a grown man ran up in the school shooting little kids man what is this world coming to .	2
how do two guys go to an elementary school and shoot innocent kids that's just messed up .	2
real news 27 people dead in newton school shooting cbs .	1
connecticut town's schools locked down following shooting report , reuters , all public schools in newtown , .	1
what jesus christ , elementary school shooting so many prayers .	2
positive thoughts & prayers for the victims & families of the connecticut school shooting cherish those you love daily .	2
breaking , shooter reportedly dead after opening fire in connecticut school .	1
there have been an estimated 31 school shootings since the shooting at columbine in 1999 .	1
thank god the end of the world is only a week away #mayans .	2
my heart is breaking for everyone affected .	2
is it a kid they're chasing another one through the woods .	2
You would think with every new school shooting in america , they would re-think their gun policies .	2
what's wrong with people why would you ever shoot up any school .	2
mother earth is hanging in there while humanity falls the fuck apart .	2
abc news reports that children are among the dozen dead in conn school shooting .	1
big love to all of you in newton , ct , where there was just an elementary school shooting .	2
someone has to be pretty pathetic to shoot up a school .	2
everyone pray for those in the connecticut school shooting .	2
gun control is not taking away rights , it's making sure the innocent are safe .	2
troublesome that these things happen .	2
14 children among 27 dead at elementary school shooting this morning in newtown , ct , .	1
watching video , police respond to report of shooting at school .	1
school shooting reports prompt lockdown in conn .	1
alert , state police have entered sandy hook school in newtown ct site of schol shooting , evacuations underway .	1
breaking , shooting reported at a connecticut elementary school .	1
more on school shooting reported at newtown , connecticut grade school .	1
breaking news , has confirmed that one child has been killed in ct school shooting and one gunman is dead .	1
more than 12 dead in newtown school shooting .	1
sad day in america today , elementary school shooting in conn .	1
breaking , abc reporting more than 12 shot and killed in connecticut school shooting , .	1
just in wabc reporting more than a dozen killed in connecticut school shooting .	1
at least 4 confirmed deaths in elementary school shooting .	1
breaking news , multiple deaths reported in shooting at grade school in connecticut .	1
i think the best way to stop elementary school shootings is to arm the kids .	2
picture of elementary schools being ushered away from shooting , per newton bee .	1
gunman dead following school shooting , .	1
who would ever shoot an elementary school .	2
praying for everyone in sandy hook .	2
here's the live blog of the #newtown school shooting .	1
abc news reporting that at least a dozen people , including children , were killed in sandy hook school shooting .	1
26 dead in connecticut school shooting .	1
1 gunman dead , one reportedly at large in #sandyhook elementary shooting in #newtown , conn , .	1
in many other places , a school shooting is a nation-rattling event , here , in the us , it's just this week's massacre .	2
having to hold back tears at work over the shooting in connecticut an elementary school really so upsetting .	2
how can you shoot up an elementary school what is wrong w people .	2
holy shit shooting at sandy hook elementary schools .	2
more than a dozen persons , including children , killed in #newton , ct school shooting , according to abc news , .	1
reporting that several kids & teachers were killed in school shooting newtown , ct , story still developing & not confirmed .	1
this shit about shootings at an elementary school in connecticut makes me sick .	2
these school shootings are getting outta hand .	2
update , two gunmen at newton , conn elementary school shooting , one dead .	1
you have to be a sick minded bastard to go into an elementary school and shoot innocent children .	2
america's gun culture has to change .	2
what's it gonna take for gun control in the states a school shooting , a shopping mall shooting+a train shooting all in the same week lunacy .	2
ap now reporting 27 dead , including 18 children at connecticut school shooting , one gunman dead , one still loose , says abc .	1
breaking update , abc news reporting gunman dead in conn elementary school shooting , .	1
mass school shooting in connecticut 27 dead .	1
i want to throw up reading the news about the shooting at a conn elementary school .	2
any moment now , a gun nut will tweet me saying if all the kids in that school had been armed , the shooters would have been stopped .	2
school shootings & random mall shootings are weekly things now but nra & their likes , will continue to deny america has a gun problem .	2
an elementary school shooting is one of the saddest things i've ever heard .	2
shooter dead in ct elementary school shooting .	1
american's are such backward mother fuckers when it comes to guns .	2
a shooting in an elementary school is just sickening .	2
my thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of those involved .	2
why do people in america always shoot in school .	2
that's crazy how you going shoot up a elementary school though the babies .	2
at an elementary school those little babies just dead , wtf is the world coming to .	2
thoughts and prayers go out to the parents of the elementary school shooting in connecticut today .	2
school shooting at my brothers school !	2
what part of school shooting does the nra not understand .	2
update , gunman killed in conn school shooting , .	1
here we did not learn the lesson yet fail .	2
school shooting in conn 27 dead , 9 adults , sad day in us .	1
theres a elementary school shooting in connecticut , live feed on .	1
it is with a heavy heart that i report that there was a shooting reported at connecticut elementary school .	2
what kind of sick person shoots up an elementary school seriously .	2
more , state police respond to report of school shooting in newtown , conn , lockdown in place , -bw .	1
shooting and elementary school are horrifying words to see in a headline , re gunman killed in shooting at .	1
not sure how you could even think about shooting someone , but an elementary school hope the gunman suffered a slow painful death !	2
who shoots up an elemetary school you really must have no heart .	2
at least 27 people are dead in ct school shooting , 14 children .	1
breaking news at least 27 dead in elementary school shooting , cbs news reports .	1
thoughts and prayers with those locked down at sandy hook elementary school in newington today due to a school shooting .	2
urgent , multiple fatalities in conn school shooting , .	1
breaking , the principal and a school psychologist were killed in elementary school shooting .	1
injuries reported in shootings at conn , elementary school .	1
possible school shooting reported in connecticut .	1
it's time for a serious national conversation on #guns .	2
canine unit is on scene at sandy hook elementary .	1
live at 1pm , news conference on conn elementary school shooting .	1
please stop and pray .	2
a sick fucking world we live .	2
now kids shooting at a elementary school #owow sad .	2
who shoots up a school full of kindergarteners & 5th graders .	2
a school shooting in an elementary school in my state jesus fuck seriously .	1
picture from , local paper , newton , ct school shooting .	1
jay carney says press obama notified at 10:30 am by homeland security advisor john brennan of shootings at school in newtown , ct .	1
another tragedy in the books shooting at an elementary school in ct .	2
police respond to report of shooting at connecticut elementary school , .	1
are you in #newtown in #connecticut if you have any information about the shooting at sandy hook elementary school .	2
thoughts and prayers going out to all the children and families involved in the elementary school shooting .	2
20+ ppl dead in ct school shooting , more than a dozen children .	1
what the fuck man i feel sick just listening to this story .	2
good bless all the kids in sandy hook elementary school in newtown .	2
follow , hartford courant reporter , for updates on ct elementary school shooting .	1
the wide variance in the casualty reported from the newtown school shooting make me wish , again , that everyone would wait a damn minute .	2
who the hell has a shooting at an elementary school , they're still babies , how could someone do that .	2
scanner , police are gathering the names of the children who were in the classroom at the time school shooting .	1
how do people get to the point of shooting up an elementary school .	2
intense image from shows students evacuating school shooting .	1
pray for healing and justice .	2
my thoughts and heart goes out to the victims and their families of the shooting at the elementary school in ct .	2
praying for the 27 people that died in the elementary school shooting in conn .	2
alert , teacher reportedly wounded in elementary school shooting .	1
law enforcement source , close to 20 people have been killed and at least 10 are children after a shooting at #connecticut school .	1
anyone who thinks we don't have a gun control problem needs to re-engage with reality .	2
saying a prayer for everyone affected by the #sandyhook shooting .	2
who shoots up a school full of kindergarteners & 5th graders .	1
our thoughts and love go out to the victims of the sandy hook elementary school , yes , elementary school , in newtown , connecticut .	2
cbsnews is reporting at least 27 deaths , 14 children , in newtown , conn school shooting , .	1
shooting reported at us elementary school , injuries reported after shooting in newtown , western connecticut , .	1
fox , update conn school shooting only male at the school is a janitor unknown if domestic workplace dispute , male gunman dead at least 2 shot .	1
update , multiple deaths at sandy hook elem , school shooting in newtown , conn , .	1
us networks report 27 dead in us school shooting , including 14 children .	1
it makes me want to hug my nieces extra tight .	2
10tv , investigators responding to report of shooting at conn , elementary school .	1
people stop killing other people , is that a diffcult concept .	2
please do something about gun control teacher reportedly wounded in ct elementary school shooting .	1
i am fine in ct , this was not in my district .	2
state official now confirms multiple fatalities at elementary school shooting .	1
my thoughts & prayers go out right now living through this fatal school shooting .	2
wtf is happening to our society just awful .	2
reports of several dead , including children , in shooting at elem school in connecticut , shooter has been killed .	1
why are these kids so violent better yet , why are there so many school shootings in america .	2
breaking news , two officials to perhaps at least 20 children shot at ct elementary school .	1
god we need you this world is getting crazy shooting at an elementary school and 2 officers getting shot today .	1
officials are now working to reunite students and parents after this morning's shooting at sandy hook elementary .	1
gunman in connecticut school shooting killed , teacher wounded add to globe and mail , globe and .	1
at least three people are in very serious condition after school shooting , details on tv and our live blog , .	1
police respond to elementary school in newton , conn after reports of a shooting .	1
prayers for everyone involved in the connecticut school shooting .	2
at least 27 dead so far .	1
breaking , one shooter dead at newtown , ct , elementary school after a shooting there , school has been cleared , an fbi swat team is on scene .	1
how many school & mall shootings before we regulate guns as seriously as cars .	2
shooting at us primary school , police are responding to reports of a shooting at a primary school in newtown , .	1
on a serious note , my prayers are with the students and faculty at the ct school shooting right now .	2
so we have a 15-year-old shooting and murdering a cop in memphis and two men firing guns at a school in connecticut .	1
bbc , shooting report at connecticut primary school .	1
watch live , local tv coverage of elementary school shooting .	1
i can not understand human beings , i can not understand at all .	2
absolutely breaks my heart .	2
watch #cbs2 for the latest on the school shooting in newtown , ct , watch live video here .	1
connecticut school shooting reportedly leaves at least one dead , connecticut state police .	1
damn shooting at an elementary school in connecticut , sick world .	2
special spot in hell for the sick fucks that shoot up schools .	2
devasted to hear the news of the school shooting in connecticut .	2
photo , kids evacuating sandy hook elementary .	1
update , one shooter dead , one at large at grade school in #newtown , connectictut .	1
breaking news , 3 patients at ct hospital unclear who but reports of school shooting in newtown ct .	1
breaking news , 27 dead , 18 kids , in connecticut school shooting , .	1
tragedy like this should never touch so many innocent lives .	2
worst school shooting in the history of the united states in my home state .	2
gunman killed in connecticut school shooting , .	1
prayers go out to the family's that lost there children in the conneticut elementary school shooting this morning .	2
seven kids were killed in a shooting at their elementary school in connecticut .	1
officials now confirming 27 dead in connecticut school shooting , including 18 children .	1
my thoughts and prayers go out to all the families affected today by the shooting at sandy hook elementary school in newtown ct .	2
prays to the families in connecticut who lost their children in the school shooting .	2
school in two weeks omg can someone please shoot me i am not ready yet omfg i wanna cry .	2
official says gunman killed in us school shooting hindustan times .	1
shooting reported at ct school connecticut state police have been called in for reports of a shooting at an .	1
seriously , it's time for the discussion .	2
as much as i enjoy being in america at times these people shooting elementary schools now 2 tragedies this week .	2
watching the news here in chi , and they're talking about a shooting at an elementary school in connecticut .	1
get the guns out of this country .	2
cnn just reported a shooting at a connecticut elementary school they said police are on the way to the school .	1
praying for all of the victims .	2
i am in disbelief .	2
you gotta be a sick fuck to shoot up a high school but an elementary school .	2
pointless even mentioning the gun laws .	2
there was a shooting in an elementary school as in a building full of children .	1
who shoots at a fucking elementary school come on world .	2
thoughts go out to the families of the elementry school shootings in newtown , ct .	2
pray for humanity .	2
1 dead , multiple injuries reported in connecticut elementary school shooting .	1
photo from the newtown bee of students evacuating elementary school where a possible shooting is being reported .	1
shooting at connecticut school , cbs reporting at least 27 dead .	1
connecticut elementary school evacuated after reported shooting national the atlantic wire .	1
what kind of asshole goes to elementary school and shoots innocent kids .	2
breaking , cbs news is reporting at least one child has died in the #newtown school shooting .	1
elementary school shooting reported in connecticut , state police are responding to a reported shooting at an sandy .	1
if we keep glorifying this shit with media coverage , it'll continue to happen .	2
who goes to a elementary school and starts a shooting what a sick person .	2
prayers go out to newtown sandyhook elementary , who does this .	2
hearing that up to 27 people could be hurt in this school shooting is crazy .	1
connecticut , dramatic photo of students being led out of sandy hook elementary school after shooting reported , . .	1
a shooter reportedly dead in school shooting , .	1
reports principal and school psychologist killed in #newtown shooting .	1
cbs news special report , at least 27 dead in #newtown's sandy hook elementary school shooting .	1
so sorry for the families and the young who lost their lives to a mad man kids among dead in newtown school shooting .	2
the shooting at sandy hook elementary is so heartbreaking .	2
let's pray for those affected by the elementary school shooting , and especially the children facing this horrific tragedy .	2
just saw tweets about the shooting at an elementary school in ct .	1
prayers go out to everyone in the connecticut school shooting , i hope all those kids are safe .	2
breaking , more than a dozen are dead , including schoolchildren , after a shooting at a newtown , ct , elementary school .	1
a shooting at a elementary school whats wrong with this world .	1
that's sickening bruh !	2
this shooting would never have happened if we allowed schools to keep man-eating tigers in classrooms for protection .	2
really people shooting in a school how low can you be it's people like that , that makes me want to put my kids in home school .	2
you could argue about the exact causes of the school shooting in newtown but it can always be traced back to how easy you can get a gun in us .	2
sick to my stomach over the school shooting in newtown .	2
flash , at least 27 dead including children in connecticut school shooting .	1
shooting within a school , shooting outside a school , .	1
sandy hook elementary school shooting , newtown , connecticut teacher wounded , reports say .	1
honestly the world deserves to end humanity is so fucked up .	2
state police source indicates this could be worst school shooting in us history .	2
that should be one of the safest places for kids to go .	2
another shooting in connecticut at an elementary school and at least 27 are dead .	1
thoughts and prayers to those affected .	2
newtown patch , sandy hook elementary school shooting .	1
more than 20 dead , mostly children , in #newtown school shooting .	1
gunman reported dead it us thought several dead including children .	1
multiple dead in school shooting in newtown , ct columbia , south carolina .	1
newtown , ct school shooting is the worst in the history of the us .	2
hug your kids every chance you get , man is totally depraved .	2
this ct school shooting is one of the worst moments in american history .	2
tears & prayers for the children & teachers sandy hook elementary in ct .	2
thoughts go out to everyone affected .	2
nbc-30 reporting that two handguns recovered from newtown school shooting and there is at least one dead .	1
among the victims are children so upset and angry .	2
please , twitterverse , pray for sandy hook elementary .	2
i am absolutely appalled that those shooters had the guts to go to a newtown elementary school , what is their problem .	2
who shoots at an elementary school .	2
breaking , cnn is reporting that the principal and school psychologist were killed in the ct school shooting , stay with 7news for updates .	1
my heart goes out to those who have been effected by the newtown connecticut school shooting .	2
my prayers go out to the familys who lost someone today in the elementary school shooting , r.i.p. .	2
my heart goes out to ever .	2
thoughts and prayers with those kids and parents .	2
hartford courant reporting one entire classroom is unaccounted for at newtown , ct school .	1
my prayers go out to everyone in connecticut .	2
there was a shooting at a connecticut elementary school this morning & all i can think about is how i fear for the future of this country .	2
prayers to all the families in the school shooting in conn .	2
gunman in #connecticut elementary school shooting reportedly killed the daily breeze .	1
27 children dead at an elementary school shooting prayers go out to all the victims and their families .	1
very saddened to hear about the events at the sandy hook elementary school in newtown this morning .	2
sitting here in total disbelief watching cnn coverage of this school shooting this world is a fucked up place .	2
people are so sick how can you shoot in an elementary school people don't think .	2
breaking , has confirmed at least one child has died in the connecticut school shooting .	1
not what i want to hear at 9:30 , shooting at an elementary school in newton , conn .	1
kids reported dead in ct school shooting .	1
a special report on connecticut school shooting airing live now on stations and at .	1
if this isn't every parent's greatest nightmare i don't know what is .	2
who goes into an elementary school shooting i'm disgusted .	2
at least a dozen killed in ct school shooting .	1
ugh i hate when there are random typos in a tweet that i send #praying for #newtown and everyone at sandy hook elementary school .	2
connecticut school district on lockdown following shooting report abc news .	1
thought and prayers to those families affected in the ct elementary school shooting .	2
live interview with a parent in #newtown just said the sandy hook elementary school principal was shot and killed .	1
about 12 killed in the elementary school shooting in connecticut , including principal , shooter and others .	1
truly heart breaking if true .	2
photos , students are led from scene of shooting at newtown , conn school , .	1
another school shooting wtf is wrong with people this is becoming far too common .	2
source tells cnn's susan candiotti at the scene of connecticut elementary school shooting that shooter is dead , multiple weapons recovered .	1
praying for the children here in ct who had to experience the horror of a shoot-out at their school .	2
what kind of low life shoots up a school so sad .	2
what the hell is wrong with this world sending prayers .	2
police clearing the school & evacuating occupants .	1
reports , connecticut police evacuate school after shooting .	1
police report active shooter situation at sandy hook elementary in newtown , connecticut .	1
unbelievable that someone would want to harm children .	2
27 dead in a school shooting , 14 of them are kids .	1
my thoughts are with those involved at sandy hook elementary .	2
ap reporting , 1 teacher wounded shot in foot .	1
cnn international now simulcasting cnn/us coverage of school shooting in #newtown , connecticut .	1
in special report now , more than 12 people including school children dead in ct school shooting .	1
remember when school shootings were unheard of .	2
there is a shooting at an elementary school right now what has this world come too .	1
a shooting at an elementary school kids and teachers dead what is the world coming to .	1
the white house says president obama is receiving regular updates on connecticut school shooting .	1
mistype witness to #cnn on elementary school shooting , must've been 100 rounds fired .	1
breaking , cbs now reporting 27 dead , including 14 children in conneticut school shooting .	1
at least 3 people have been taken to danbury hospital in newtown school shooting .	1
i am not even going to lie , this made me cry a little .	2
fox news , 26 people have been killed in shooting at an elementary school in #ct , more than a dozen are children .	1
another school shooting gezz thoughts and prayers are with the families in ct .	2
another school shooting in kindergarden .	1
update , cbs cites officials saying 27 fatalities in ct elementary school shooting , including 12+ children .	1
praying for the students , no kid should ever experience that .	2
breaking , as many as 27 people now reported dead from school shooting , according to sources .	1
cbs , 27 dead in ct school shooting .	1
we got some sick fucks in this world what kind of person would shoot up in an elementary school 10 children dead so far and 10 adults .	2
prayers go out to the families in ct .	2
that makes me completely sick to my stomach .	2
i can't imagine what the children , teachers or parents are going thru .	2
what is the world coming to where people have the audacity to shoot up an elementary school .	2
a shooting at an elementary school in connecticut more than a dozen children dead & majority were kindergartners .	1
watch state police news conference live at 1 p.m. at .	1
this elementary school shooting is absolutely tragic .	2
what kind of sick individual shoots up an elementary school prayers out to those young kids in connecticut .	2
shooting at elemetry school .	1
police starting to clear out of the woods near sandy hook .	1
27 dead in sandy hook but let's keep the conversation away from gun control out of respect for victims , right wake the fuck up , america .	2
how sick are you to shoot an elementary school prayers to the children and families in connecticut .	2
another day , another horrific shooting this time at an elementary school in connecticut .	1
principal and school psychologist were killed in shooting , according to a parent , details on tv .	1
another school shooting , people will say it's unacceptable .	2
why are people shooting up an elementary school those are just babies !	2
now live live pictures from the scene of school shooting in connecticut , wvit , .	1
two adults were killed in today's connecticut school shooting , according to parent who was at school during the incident .	1
god bless the victims of the elementary school shooting this morning in connecticut .	2
cbs reporting 27 dead .	1
what kind of fucked up people in this world .	2
school shooting in connecticut , us , say police , us state police are responding to reports of a shooting at .	1
connecticut school shooter dead 2 weapons recovered by police , cnn reports .	1
my thoughts go out to all the families .	2
nothing like this ever happens in newtown .	2
thoughts and prayers go out to those families afflicted by the newtown elementary school shooting .	2
children among dead in shooting at conn elementary school .	1
just learning of the latest school shooting in connecticut .	1
abc now saying over a dozen dead in school shooting including numerous children .	1
3 hurt in conn , school shooting in very serious condition , danbury mayor says , .	1
just heard of an elementary school shooting in connecticut , among the victims are children .	1
praying for the innocent children killed at sandy hook elementary school in connecticut , a sick fucking world we live .	2
are you fucking kidding me 27 dead in a school shooting .	2
20 shot dead , most of them young children , .	1
breaking , shooter dead in incident at elementary school in #newtown , connecticut , state official tells nbc news .	1
but why would you go and shoot up an elementary school , horrible tragedy .	2
nothing is a mood killer like checking the trending topics and seeing school shooting .	2
my heart goes out to every one in sand elementry school who had to deal with the shooting in newton ct .	2
27 dead in a primary school by a shooter who openly fired 100 rounds on innocent kids .	1
at least 20 shot , multiple dead , at sandy hook school shooting in newtown guns killing people not the man .	1
children evacuated , in near freezing temps , after shots fired at elementary school .	1
the briefing of potus on the school shooting was conducted by homeland security adviser john brennan in the oval office around 10:30 .	1
police are responding to reports of a shooting at a primary school in newtown , connecticut , local media report , . .	1
rip all victims of this senseless tragedy .	2
abc reporting 2 gunmen in ct school shooting , 1 still at large .	1
it's absolutely sickening that someone can go into an elementary school & just start shooting .	2
cbs news now reports several children have died in the connecticut school shooting .	1
wow come home turn on tv and see a shooting at a connecticut school , people are crazy these days .	2
my heart breaks for those children and families .	2
my heart goes out to the families .	2
every nra lobbyist should be forced to go to sandy hook and explain to children who survived why they love guns so much .	2
report , multiple fatalities in connecticut elementary school shooting .	1
there is a special place in hell for anyone who kills children .	2
there's more than a dozen dead in that school shooting .	1
police are actively searching for a suspect vehicle occupants poss involved .	1
my heart goes out to all of you in the sandy hook , newtown area .	2
this elementary school shooting is really making me feel some type of way how could anyone ever borrderline crying #newtown in my prayers .	2
school district locked down on shooting report yahoo , .	1
my thoughts go out to all of the families in ct coping w the shooting this morning .	2
watch live coverage of reported shooting at elementary school in newtown , .	1
breaking , state police confirm shooting at elementary school in #newtown .	1
praying for newtown , connecticut where there was an elementary school shooting .	2
cbs news 27 deaths , including at least 14 children , in conn school shooting .	1
who the fuck is shooting up an elementary school i pray everyone is safe .	2
breaking , 1 gunman confirmed dead , unconfirmed reports of a second gunman .	1
what type of world are we living in .	2
praying for sandy hook elementary school shoot victims .	2
this shooting that happened in ct has got me blown !	2
way too many shootings this year .	2
when a shooting of over 20 people in a school is described as one of the worst , you know that america needs tighter gun laws .	2
watch live coverage of a news conference from the scene of the conn school shooting at 1 p.m. et .	1
now a shooting at an elementary school in ct wtf is wrong with people prayers to all effected by this tragedy .	2
sandy hook elementary school is on lockdown after shooting reported details on tv and our live blog , .	1
this elementary school shooting sickens me .	2
we gotta be at the end of days shooting up an elementary school !	2
i can't believe these fucking people would stick a camera in a child's face and ask her what she saw .	2
my prayers to all effected .	2
live audio , newtown , connecticut reported elementary school shooting .	1
reports , connecticut police evacuating elementary school where shooting reported .	1
live updates , newtown , ct school shooting .	1
americans love a good mass murder massacre , preferably a school shooting .	2
two shooting in one week , this time at a elementary school .	1
prayers go out to newtown and sandy hook elementary school , hope everyone is okay , and i hope they catch the horrible person involved .	2
i pray humanity wakes up soon .	2
counselors should be available to all ct school age kids shooter reported dead at connecticut elementary school .	1
I am praying for the families and praying that this violence stops !	2
prayers go out to all the family and friends affected by the elementary school shootings this morning in connecticut .	2
flash , more than 12 killed including children in shooting at ct elementary school abc news citing state officials .	1
shooter opens fire in conn elementary school .	1
npr's is currently curating tweets related to the shooting at sandy hook elementary school in newtown , ct .	1
my heart goes out to all of the victims of the shooting in conn this morning at sandy hook elementary school .	2
update , hartford courant reports multiple deaths include children .	1
my prayers go out to the parents who lost theirs kids today .	2
who the hell shoots up an elementary school praying for these babies .	2
it's eery that last night i started reading a book where the focus event is a school shooting and then today there's a shooting in ct .	2
cbs news , preliminary reports that 27 are dead in school shooting in connecticut .	1
a shooting at an elementary school what is it going to take for our leaders to tackle the issue of gun control .	2
an elementary school shooting in connecticut from a 20 year old guy and killing over 20 people .	1
shooting reported at sandy hook elementary school in newtown , connecticut , district has locked down schools .	1
oh shit shooting in a school in ct , hope girls steph and paul are fine .	2
urgent , gunman dead in conn , school shooting , .	1
live video , police respond to reports of shooting at elementary school in newtown , connecticut .	1
school district on lockdown after shooting .	1
breaking , children among the dead in ct elementary confirmed by .	1
god bless the people harmed in the school shooting whats wrong with people now days !	2
cnn reporting at least 10 kids are dead .	1
elementary school shooting we live in a dark world that desperately needs jesus .	2
cbs news , 27 dead , 14 of them children , nbc news , perhaps up to 20 children shot .	1
20 people killed in a school shooting .	1
wtf is wrong with people shooting up an elementary school though like were does at make sense at .	2
people who aint shit who shoots up an elementary school .	2
info coming out of newtown , conn site of elementary school shooting is still preliminary , reports that children are among the dead .	1
this is sickening to the inner core of my stomach please pray for the victims of this school shooting .	2
where'd all the good people go heart goes out to those effected by the connecticut elementary school shooting .	2
prayers to what is wrong with people , so tragic .	2
the scene walking towards school , .	1
breaking news , connecticut police respond to shooting at sandy hook elementary school .	1
world is going mad .	2
shootings in an elementary school .	1
shooter dead at connecticut school .	1
this elementary school shooting is seriously the absolute worst possible thing .	2
what is america's obsession with shootings at schools .	2
wcbs , suspected gunman in ct school shooting a 20-year-old from new jersey , authorities have gone to his home for searching .	1
teacher taken to hospital with gunshot wound in ct school shooting , multiple fatalities .	1
one person wounded in elementary school shooting in connecticut .	1
after hearing about another school shooting i'm worried about this world ending in chaos not cuz of some mayan prophecy .	2
hearing about the elementary school shooting in connecticut makes me just sick how could someone even do that praying for those families !	2
cbs news is confirming 27 dead 14 children in sandy hook elementary school shooting .	1
you have to be one sick individual to kill someone but to shoot up an elementary school that's beyond sick .	2
a shooting at an elementary school wtf kind of world do we live in .	2
one shooter is dead at newtown , connecticut elementary school , school is now cleared of shooters .	1
crying , crying , crying for sandy hook elementary school .	2
a moment of silence for the children who transitioned today at sandy hook elementary , this breaks my heart .	2
two shooters at that elementary school in ct .	1
more than 20 persons , mostly young school children , shot and killed in #newtown connecticut school shooting .	1
at least one dead in connecticut elementary school shooting , the hartford courant has confirmed that one person .	1
state police helicopter circling low in newtown .	1
breaking newtown , conn , a shooting at a connecticut elementary school , 27 people dead .	1
just heard that at least 5 children are dead now & the number is rising from this elementary school shooting .	1
please pray for their souls & for their families newtown , conn .	2
cannot understand why someone would shoot up innocent school children .	2
update , school's principal was the target of this morning's shooting at sandy hook elem .	1
another school shooting in connecticut !	2
my heart goes out to the multiple kids killed today at the connecticut school shooting .	2
praying for newtown .	2
special report , children told to cover their eyes as they left the school .	1
new death toll released , 20 dead in newtown school shooting .	1
27 pronounced dead already .	1
praying for sandy hook elementary school in connecticut and the community surrounding .	2
breaking , 2 confirmed dead in elementary school shooting in conn , .	1
just in , from in ct , police are investigating a shooting at an elementary school , details , .	1
i never understood why people go shooting up schools then kill themselves tho bitch if you hate life soo much just kill yourself and forget the rest !	2
photo , state police lead children out of connecticut school following shooting .	1
thinking of those involved in the shooting at the elementary school in connecticut with 27 people dead , 10 of those children .	2
school shooting in the usa .	1
shooting at an elem school .	1
what is wrong with some people in this country shooting up malls , theaters , and schools .	2
praying for peace this holiday .	2
connecticut state police say they're responding to reports of a shooting at a newtown elementary school .	1
ynn will carry the press conference live at 1pm to provide updates on the ct school shooting .	1
elementary school , a school district in connecticut was on lockdown friday after reports of a deadly .	1
absolutely sick to my stomach so sad to hear this .	2
what the hell is wrong with people .	2
obama should call up his drone fleet and just take out #sandyhook , thats how we solve problems like this in pakistan , yemen , and libya !	2
whats wrong with mafuckas these days going in an elementary school and shooting up innocent kindergartners and then kill himself .	2
courant/fox ct , children among victims in sandy hook school shooting in newtown .	1
new reports suggest more than 27 people killed including at least 14 children during connecticut school shooting .	1
more than 20 people , mostly kids , were fatally shot in the #newtown connecticut , .	1
how fucked up must you be to shoot up a school especially an elementary school with children in it seriously man .	2
breaking several dead in connecticut school shooting , according to us media .	1
pray for those affected by the elementary school shooting in connecticut .	2
wtf is wrong with the world these days .	2
another school shooting in the us , at least 12 dead including children .	1
cbs news is reporting 27 dead in the #newtown school shooting .	1
alert , reports , deaths , injuries in shooting at connecticut school .	1
breaking children among those killed in elementary school shooting , hartford courant sources say .	1
my heart goes out to all the kids , families and workers involved in the elementary school shooting in connecticut this morning .	2
i don't understand how someone can go into an elementary school with a gun .	2
live video , hospital holds press briefing on connecticut school shooting victims .	1
nbc/wvit , adult shooter dead , 2 handguns recovered from ct elementary school shooting scene .	1
is that a difficult concept what is wrong with you .	2
sending prayers to those affected by this elementary school shooting emotional photos .	2
26 deaths accounted for in newtown elementary school shooting .	1
witness on cnn just said at least 100 rounds were fired in school shooting .	1
really sad to hear about this school shooting gonna be praying for the family and friends of those poor children and employees .	2
shooting at ct elementary school , emergency triage set up .	1
its sick that someone would go try to shoot up an elementary school , go to hell fucker .	2
abc news now says more than 20 people , including children , dead in conn , school shooting , .	1
another school shooting man fucked up .	2
at least three hurt in u.s. school shooting .	1
what the heck is wrong with people shooting up a mall in or and now a school in ct .	2
my thoughts and prayers are with all that were involved in newton , ct school shooting schools should be safe havens for all .	2
thoughts and prayer goes out to the community affected .	2
what's the world coming to when you can't even teach without someone coming in the school and start shooting .	2
wow what is this world coming to .	2
damn people shooting up elementary schools now that's crazy .	2
praying for all the victims of the school shooting in connecticut .	2
ugh this school shooting in connecticut is absolutely terrible .	2
update , there are now preliminary reports indicating the conn school shooter was a student's father .	1
if 27 are dead , this is officially the worst school #shooting in u.s. history .	2
love & prayers to the families affected by the connecticut school shooting so sad .	2
the helicopter is helping search for the possible second gunman newton , conn school shooting .	1
connecticut u/d , 50 state troopers looking for 2nd shooter & make sure school is clear reports of multiple victims including children .	1
got that virginia tech swag , shoot up your school and laugh , bitch .	2
one shooter apparently still in hiding .	1
its heart breaking another school shooting thoughts and prayers with everyone in ct .	2
huge rash of mass shootings lately .	1
crying & praying & thanking god my 8 years cousin got out of this school shooting safely hug your loved ones tighter today .	2
my heart is breaking for children and adults involved in connecticut elementary school shooting this morning .	2
lets pray for the families of the school shooting in newtown , ct .	2
27 people and 18 children dead at this school shooting in conn .	2
at least 1 teacher wounded in connecticut elementary school shooting , reports more on , .	1
no reports of children injured at school shooting .	1
prayers go out to the family and victims of the elementary school shooting in connecticut , it's a sad world , it really is .	2
shooting in oregon mall , connecticut school , and alabama courthouse , is it me or americans are going crazy .	2
thoughts and prayers going out to the students , teachers and families of sandy hook elementary in newton ct .	2
thoughts and prayers for the children and families , teachers and staff at sandy hook elementary .	2
no matter what your issue is , you must be a sick individual to shoot up an elementary school .	2
school shooting at an elementary school just proves how fucked up this world is , like i just don't get it .	2
omg can it be true that 27 are dead in sandy hook elementary school shooting in newtown ct no , no , no .	2
multiple deaths , including children , in elementary school shooting .	1
the suspected shooter involved in the ct elementary school is dead , police confirm , .	1
lord have mercy , pray for the families of this connecticut elementary school shooting .	2
photo , students evacuating sandy hook elementary school in #newtown , ..	1
wabc-tv , abc news reports newtown , connecticut school shooting suspect is dead .	1
my heart goes out to everyone affected .	2
goes to show there's still so much wrong in this world .	2
confirmed , more than a dozen killed , including children , in #newtown school shooting .	1
every fucking day there's a new shooting in this country .	2
