insurance companies have started gearing up to handle claims and process them in a quicker manner .	2
day-4 , rss swayamsevaks actively involved in relief activities at uttarakhand , rss appeals for help , .	1
thousands of pilgrims reported stuck in the hilly regions of uttarakhand .	1
listened to the bitter face-off between the two parties over #uttarakhand and feel both are self centric .	2
dear tv channels , nobody is interested in how you have been working tirelessly in uttarakhand .	2
do read sad truth about uttarakhand tragedy by .	2
pm announces rs 1000 crore relief fund for uttarakhand , kedarnath temple closed for one year .	1
uttarakhand , over 1000 still awaiting rescue in badrinath , 1800 reported missing .	1
pray that hon'ble sc should set up an sit to probe whether the uttarakhand cm and govt negligence led to more casualties .	2
itbp has also established helpline for info on uttarakhand floods , 09968383478 .	1
praying for all those who are stuck and helpless in uttarakhand .	2
sonia gandhi asks congress mps , mlas to contribute their one month's salary for uttarakhand flood victims .	2
60000 stranded in uttarakhand , more than 100 dead .	1
uttarakhand floods , rescue work to take another fortnight , says cm rescue teams will take another fortnight .	1
centre should coordinate with uttarakhand , hp for relief efforts .	2
situation pretty bad in uttarakhand hope all passengers reach their home back safely .	2
gujarat taliban kedarnath uttarakhand hurricane is arriving !	2
flood relief uttarakhand how can you help .	2
the website gives details of rescued people & the current status of rescue operation in uttarakhand .	1
mahindra group donates rs 1 crore to uttarakhand cm's relief fund , mahindra group chairman anand mah .	2
uttarakhand & himachal pradesh are currently facing a national calamity .	2
goonj's flood relief efforts in uttarakhand .	1
pm appeal for funds for uttarakhand flood disaster in india , .	2
day is for flood-relief operations , nights for strategy sessions in uttarakhand .	1
all political parties declared their donations but why no compensation has been declared for #uttarakhand victims on per person basis .	2
150 dead in uttarakhand flood , toll may rise .	1
monsoon fury across india , over 10 dead in uttarakhand .	1
latest news uttarakhand flood , part of kedarnath temple badly hit .	1
food shortage in uttarakhand all pilgrims rescued from badrinath .	1
spending billions of money on military is not worthy when its not effective in situations like uttarakhand .	2
58 dead , over 58000 trapped as rain batters uttarakhand .	1
army veterinary doctor in #uttarakhand gives treatment to injured mules near kedarnath .	1
5000 feared killed in uttarakhand , says government .	1
indian airforce mig-17 in uttarakhand .	1
tonight for 1st time i felt ms. lekhi totally missing the point , frm kedarnath devastation idk when & how it moved to hajj subsidy .	2
mahindra group announces rs 1 crore donation for uttarakhand flood relief .	2
waah , our yuvraaj is anal-ising the situation & relief measures of uttarakhand with the cm .	2
heavy rains in foothills of uttarakhand expected tomorrow , met .	1
army rescue operation in #uttarakhand operation ganga prahar .	1
indian army and rss swayamsevaks helping uttarakhand flood victims .	1
guys friend's family stuck at kedarnath and no contact since last week i tried my means but no success .	2
biggest ever operation launched by iaf in uttarakhand , says top commander .	1
sphere india doing collaborative work with humanitarian agencies for #uttarakhand relief .	2
uttarakhand , sonia flags off relief material , and obviously , this is not for any political mileage .	2
air india offers discount on flight back from uttarakhand , .	1
google is helping people find their family or friends stuck in uttarakhand floods , .	1
you can search missing person in uttarakhand flood sms to 09773300000 with the message search .	1
goonj is collecting livelihood items and cheque donation for relief work in uttarakhand .	2
true but now people offended that i included rss as a group helping in uttarakhand are secular .	2
air force choppers carry relief material , food to rain-battered kedarnath .	1
army operation in uttarakhand reminds us of all that is good with india we tend to forget in face of kleptocrats & fools that dominate news .	2
someone missing in uttarakhand use the google person finder specially designed for uttarakhand flood relief click , .	1
stranded pilgrims fleeced in uttarakhand , shocking tales of human apathy to the sufferings of uttarakhand flood .	2
when whole uttarakhand and many parts of delhi are drowning rahul gandhi is celebrating in spain happy .	2
a scary video of the #uttarakhand #flood i found , homes being flooded away .	2
umashankar pande , sec , distributing food relief material to affected people .	1
google crisis response continues efforts for uttarakhand just launched a crisis map for the area .	1
it's called for nationwide help for the thousands of devotees , other local civilians stranded at uttarakhand due to unprecedented flood .	1
indian pm manmohan singh has also announced rs 1000 crores for #uttarakhand disaster relief fund .	1
should have appreciated if they had dedicated this #ct13 finals to the #uttarakhand disaster victims .	2
uttarakhand , 550 dead , says state official 50000 still trapped , days after uttarakhand was pounded by landslide .	1
uttarakhand , gujrat minister saurabh patel stated that 10 buses have been sent till now 4 more buses will be sent with food .	1
5 people from the same family died in uttarakhand floods studio .	1
i'm a class 12 student , have collected rs 2k+ for helping people in #uttarakhand .	1
uttarakhand , of the 671 tn pilgrims , tn officials bring back 275 contact established with 382 .	1
uttarakhand helplines , for rudraprayag , uttarkashi , chamoli 09808151240 , 09837134399 .	1
uttarakhand , work on to arrange 50 tonnes of wood , ghee for funerals .	1
andhra pradesh pilgrims stranded in uttarakhand safe , chief minister , chief minister kiran kumar reddy assured .	1
appreciating our great indian army for their unconditional service provided at the flood-affected ares of #uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand flood , sonia gandhi asks mps & mlas to donate salary facenfacts .	2
wish the rain god was a congress man rahul gandhi to visit uttarakhand today .	2
uttarakhand pilgrims from karnataka manage to reach out to rescue team , panic-stricken pilgrims from karnataka .	1
any one know any seriously attended sick/wounded tourist let me know here to help .	2
lets pray and donate generously to the prime minister's national relief fund for uttarakhand flood victim .	2
first innocent indians were fooled on janlokpal now same gang is talking about corruption in uttarakhand relief work .	2
i read many painful stories of #kedarnath floods .	2
the beauty of hindusim is that we pray to nature & we go to the orgin of rivers but now we made it ugly by business of pilgrimage kedarnath .	2
#uttarakhand flood , security forces evacuate 17 foreign tourists and sighting 1000 pilgrims stuck between #kedarnath and gaurikund .	1
it will take a long time to rebuild uttarakhand , says bahuguna .	2
don't blame nature for the uttarakhand flood disaster 27/6/13 .	2
30,000 people rescued , 50,000 still stranded in uttarakhand flood .	1
uttarakhand , rain and landslides hits rescue operations , thousands still stranded .	1
thank you indian army to save people in uttarakhand .	2
google launches indian version of person finder to trace missing people in kedarnath , .	1
they are looking for every possible opportunity to halt the progress in uttarakhand .	2
hindu pilgrims fleeced by traders in #uttarakhand .	1
uttarakhand flood , may souls rest in peace .	2
240 sorties , 790 evacuated .	1
chief minister vijay bahuguna has described the #uttarakhand calamity as a himalayan tsunami 150 killed .	1
angry villagers in #uttarakhand lash out !	2
will kedarnath floods/landslides lessons be learnt no chance if our history has ever taught us anything .	2
ndma says 1829 people have been evacuated today as of 2 pm , the total number of people evacuated till date is 104095 .	1
indian floods caused by abnormally early #monsoons wreak havoc & claim lives in #uttarakhand state , .	2
uttarakhand floods , rescue operations stepped up , death toll may cross 1000 .	1
fist of nature , was furious do you think submerging of most important & holy shrine kedarnath by flash flood .	2
un team monitoring uttarakhand flood situation .	1
i will donate it for uttarakhand flood relief , if its not hard earned money .	2
dirty politics on uttarakhand disaster , atul agrawal is hitting leaders of bjp , congress & sp , part , .	2
over 150 people died please pray for the people of uttarakhand they need our prayers !	2
uttarakhand floods , bad weather halts air rescue operations in badrinath .	1
#uttarakhand initial survey of flood-landslide affected villages and interaction with local people will give us the clear idea of damage .	2
heroics of indian soldiers helping the uttarakhand flood victims , bravo well done .	2
india salutes its #army for saving hundreds of people stranded in flood affected mountainous #uttarakhand state .	2
100 odd dead in uttarakhand floods and news channels taking credits for exclusive pictures of flood please show some senistivity guyz !	2
contrast to government army is something we can trust blindly .	2
suspends its countrywide jail bharo agitation to focus on #uttarakhand flood relief work .	2
pawankalyan donates rs 20 lakhs to uttarakhand flood victims times of ap .	2
#uttarakhand , train running from haridwar to mumbai kota to ferry the stranded persons free of charge .	1
sri sri ravi shankar i urge more volunteers to come forward for the uttarakhand flood relief work .	2
uttarakhand flood , death toll may cross 1000 , more than 22k awaiting rescue .	1
they have not spared even the kedarnath from pollution of gandhis .	2
filed a complaint against some news channel for showing the videos of kedarnath temple .	2
i request everyone to join this noble cause of rebuilding #uttarakhand devbhoomi we will not do this under any banner/leader 9/n .	2
#uttarakhand vhp and rss people are working for victims like anything .	2
will be wiped out from #uttarakhand in next elections as all the help is from bjp and rss .	2
prime minister & congress chief will be going to do an aerial survey of kedarnath in the afternoon .	1
mandakini washes away encroachments at kedarnath , it was 4.30 am and bone-chilling winds swept across .	1
sorry to say this celebration looks out of touch when you see what happened in #uttarakhand guys lets not forget it !	2
uttarakhand government's website for information on rescue and relief operations .	1
army steps up operations in uttarakhand as time running out , bikram singh .	1
amul salutes the army's valiant rescue efforts in #uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand floods , 17 pilgrims from nashik missing at least 17 pilgrims from nashik , including seven .	1
kedarnath submerged .	1
rescue operations to kedarnath and other remote locations stalled due to bad weather in dehradun .	1
important , new searchable database of survivors from #uttarakhand , 1800+ new names .	1
annoyed at the fact that more people are praying for #msd's injured leg than the people suffering in #uttarakhand floods .	2
filmstar and also bjp mp mr. shtrughan sinha donated rs 5000000 , 50lakhs , for #uttarakhand relief .	2
may god save the rest no rain is a problem rain is a bigger problem .	2
mp announces rs 5 lakh for kids orphaned in uttarakhand tragedy zee news .	1
uttarakhand helplines , for pauri , haridwar , nainital 0999779124 , 09451901023 .	1
editorial on #uttarakhand flood a himalayan tragedy .	2
need help of army & government .	2
shinde , as much funds are needed , we are willing to provide it for the uttarakhand flood relief .	2
uttarakhand , over 10000 rescued on saturday , 22000 yet to be pulled out .	1
severe rain forecast for uttarakhand , airforce promise our rotors will not stop churning until each one of you is out .	1
humanity wins tihar inmates give financial help to uttarakhand flood victims .	2
We are trying to expand the helipad base as mi17 still can't land in kedarnath .	1
news channels stop advising what should have been done , better focus on helping people , making sure timely aid is provided in uttarakhand .	2
action taken by ministry of health and family welfare for relief operations in uttarakhand .	1
my prayers are with one & all .	2
see how trustworthy our media is showing 1 year old clip of bolivia as uttarakhand flood .	2
uttarakhand , toll reaches 1000 rains to hit rescue efforts again .	1
dear indians who are celebrating #indvseng match , people in #uttarakhand are still in danger and many are still waiting for help .	2
next 24 hours very critical for about 6000 people who are yet to be rescued from various places in uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand met chief says he asked the administration to hold off parts of the yatras because of heavy rain .	2
website which will help you to search missing relatives in #uttarakhand , .	1
declare uttarakhand flood a national calamity chiranjeevi tv9 .	2
uttarakhand rehabilitation , rural ministry to portion further 14000 housing units .	1
dear victims of kedarnath , don't worry , rahul gandhi will come to eat roti in your house next month .	2
looks like the #uttarakhand rains have finally found their way to #gwalior enuff casualties !	2
vijay bahugana says he is not discouraged and is ready for more interviews .	2
iaf uses c-130j in uttarakhand relief mission , the indian air force , iaf , deployed its recently inducted c-130 .	1
angry villagers vent ire on uttarakhand chief minister .	1
my humble request to the team is that the money of 1 crore that you receive from bcci please give it for uttarakhand !	2
you have more pinched videos watch on abp news the pictures of massive destruction captured outside kedarnath temple .	1
an eye-witness account , so-called development provokes nature's fury in uttarakhand .	2
bollywood punks were very sad when jiah khan committed suicide but no voice at all from them over #uttarakhand flood tragedies .	2
shatrughan sinha to donate rs 50 lakh for uttarakhand rain victims .	2
massive rescue operations in uttarakhand all the news , videos and pictures at a glance , .	1
check how army working in difficult conditions to save people in uttarakhand .	2
may god bless our country !	2
#uttarakhand flood , officers to contribute one-day salary to relief fund .	2
the pathetic situation in uttarakhand .	2
latest technology available in such a way that no natural calamity would ever shake it again , the uttarakhand cm is believed to have .	2
several visitors from mumbai are safe in flood-ravaged uttarakhand times of india , ndtv several visitors from .	1
rss karyakartas doing great relief work at uttarakhand flood affctd areas , help me trend if you agree .	2
uttarakhand tragedy and war of taking credit !	2
150 dead in northern india floods , 20000 airlifted .	1
heavy flood in uttarakhand , 58 died .	1
himachal pradesh , uttarakhand flood 2013 , 131 killed .	1
#uttarakhand #flood helpline numbers army medical emergency numbers , 1800-180-5558 1800-419-0282 08009833388 .	1
uttarakhand , nearly 14000 people missing , 60000 still stranded .	1
kedarnath temple pictures tell the situation , .	1
goa bjp will donate salary to start with .	2
uttarakhand floods , what about the animals .	2
really sad to hear news uttarakhand floods my prayers with you lord shiva please help them & please take care and come back home mumbai .	2
my prayers for those affected by the floods in #uttarakhand .	2
#uttarakhand is bringing out the worst in #india am dying to see the best .	2
devastating aftermath of the floods in kedarnath .	2
uttarakhand , combat skills used to rescue pilgrims the hindu .	1
bbc not reporting anything about uttarakhand , surprising how indian media goes mad at the smallest of incidents in uk .	2
rain batters uttarakhand , himachal pradesh , 60 killed , 73000 stranded , uttarakhand and himachal pradesh .	1
tragic loss of lives and devastation in uttarakhand .	2
press release , uttarakhand floods are catastrophic large dams partially to blame says actionaid .	2
i think u'khand and #uttarakhand might be the longest trends in india .	2
heavy rain forecast in #uttarakhand in next 72 hours .	1
missing from gaurikund on #uttarakhand , manjula gaikar from nasik , reports , .	1
1000 gujjus were stranded in uttarakhand , but modi rescued 15000 .	1
uttarakhand , more than 550 killed 50000 still stranded .	1
kedarnath evacuated , badrinath the next big challenge for rescue teams .	1
dont delay to help them we also valuantaries on the way to uttarakhand and up , .	2
heartfelt prayers for all those stuck in uttarakhand .	2
300 from bihar missing in uttarakhand .	1
indian army mountain rescue team exit chopper for uttarakhand flood rescue , .	1
uttarakhand floods , 42 bodies recovered from rivers in up .	1
if you tweet about uttarakhand flood , you are an hungry idiot , if you don't , you don't care for your countrymen .	2
i want to see badrinath and kedarnatha .	2
no electricity & drinking water in the hills since 5 days now , not only the flooded regions .	1
uttarakhand , big and unusual role for the air force's c-130j , in a very innovative .	1
this by far is the most direct , best and simple update to the flood situation in #uttarakhand better than tv news .	2
really feeling bad for the people who washed away due to cloud burst & devasting floods in kedarnath .	2
uttarakhand we'll pray for you .	2
uttarakhand has been giving rivers , minerals and life to whole nation .	2
uttarakhand flood is a man made calamity , atul agrawal doing hot talk on samachar plus , part 4 , .	2
uttarakhand tragedy continues death toll touches 200 hindustan times .	1
minor earthquake hits pithoragarh district of #uttarakhand .	1
50 dead , thousands stranded as rain wallops uttarakhand , himachal .	1
haryana cm bs hooda offers to adopt 15 villages .	2
new satellite images show how uttarakhand towns and villages were wiped out .	2
all washed away except him may all the lost souls uttarakhand flood .	2
3000 people now reported misisng in uttarakhand per officials .	1
uttarakhand flood helpline numbers , 0135-2710334 , 0135-2710335 , 0135-2710233 , nainital & around , 05946-250138 kedarnath north india .	1
kedarnath shrine safe , everything else destroyed , official .	1
rahul gandhi to visit uttarakhand tomorrow .	1
god came in the form of indian army .	2
average rainfall in uttarakhand was 61mm and this year it already received 154mm , that's 190% of average rainfall .	2
elected deshkenetha sitting at home under a/c & appealing others to help flood victim of uttarakhand & kedarnath .	2
new video uttarakhand flood , 10000 houses collapse 100000 dead , 500000 missing uttarakhand .	1
it is not only armed forces , civilian authorities , rss , nsui , ngo's all doing commendable work at uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand floods , only rs 2 crore for relief works , mr and you claim to run the richest state ' .	2
uttar pradesh forms special cell to trace its missing people in uttarakhand chief minister akhilesh yadav said .	1
arendra modi lands in uttarakhand , flies out with 15000 gujaratis times of india , times of indianarend .	1
rss press release , in hindi , from ground zero , uttarakhand calamity relief committee .	1
cloud burst near devprayag in uttarakhand kills 4 people .	1
scientists warning us for ages about receding himalayan glaciers , the break up 1 that caused kedarnath tragedy .	1
extremely violent floods in #uttarakhand may all those souls rip and the stranded get rescue earnest prayer from .	2
toi , did uttarakhand ignore lessons from past calamities at its own peril , studies on the flash floods and .	2
modi's uttarakhand visit was cheap publicity , jdu leader .	2
stood hanging from kedarnath temple bell for 9 hrs in water hindustan times .	1
about 10000 pilgrims still stranded .	1
india news uttarakhand , rains hamper rescue efforts , 10000 still stranded , death toll may touch 5000 .	1
for your incredible , selfless effort in saving lives in #uttarakhand we love you !	2
people of uttarakhand will happier that modi ji is visiting them than their own .	2
i suppose at least army is saving life of some people , so stop cricizing and behaving as if you are in uttarakhand helping them .	2
so , congress mps/mlas dont have heart to donate for #uttarakhand .	2
let us pray for the people struggling in uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand flood , government false date of dead people .	2
field marshal narendra modi is bcci member but kept quiet during #ipl spot fixing , now pretending to help #uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand floods , do-gooder doctors rush to ghost town , treat scores of stranded pilgrims suffering from .	1
what has shocked most that such a large national disaster at uttarakhand did not trend , while useless bjp , nitish , modi , maken , cong , advani trended .	2
17 foreign nationals evacuated by indian air force from dharasu in uttarakhand .	1
did seriously flag off vehicles carrying relief material to #uttarakhand atrocious insensitivity to a tragedy !	2
uttarakhand news latest june 2013 uttaranchal uttarakhand flood devasteted nayar bridge satpuli , .	1
army sources unofficially saying around 40000 peoples have died in between kedarnath and guptakshi .	1
uttarakhand , relief trucks flagged off by sonia stranded .	1
pray for who people death in kedarnath .	2
yes you are right and surprised why not from all india m.p. mla fund divert to uttarakhand .	2
how can the death toll in uttarakhand be as low as being reported .	2
22 choppers deployed to evacuate people in uttarakhand , govt .	1
fraud anti hindu secularism !	2
thank god no rain in uttarakhand for the next two days , met department .	1
news report that 500 died due to starvation in kedarnath is not important of people rescued by namo is grave concern .	2
man made disaster it is uttarakhand .	2
a special train for uttarakhand flood victims of gujarat will arrive today at ahmedabad railway station .	1
modern architecture , cement , construction & structural engg failed but old hindu temples survived in uttarakhand .	2
more than 5000 army men fanned out across various affected districts in uttarakhand & up for flood relief .	1
according to home minister sushil kumar , death toll from uttarakhand flood has risen to 207 .	1
#uttarakhand update , google creates a person finder service for flood victims , share for better reach .	1
destruction in uttarakhand due to heavy rains , .	1
current flood situation in uttarakhand , rishikesh , part 3 .	1
all survivors rescued from kedarnath , gaurikund has a chilling ring to it .	1
disgusting behavior by people of india residing in uttarakhand , fleecing trapped pilgrims is disgusting .	2
afp reported 1000 feared dead as army mobilises to respond uttarakhand flood .	1
uttarakhand floods , rescued rajasthan trader recalls horror .	1
your eco sensitive zone report , , was an eye opener hoping for some divine intervention in shiv nagari .	2
those willing to do a little more than just lighting candles for victims of uttarakhand floods , here is info you can .	2
in pictures , uttarakhand monsoon fury savages kedarnath niti central .	1
latest list of rescued people from uttarakhand kedar ghati , , 21.06.2013 .	1
a himalayan tragedy , images of devastation , despair and hope from uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand flood , bodies pile up outside gate of kedarnath temple .	1
uttarakhand flood crisis , cm bahuguna heckled by protesters , joshimath/dehradun/new delhi , june 20 , ani .	2
status of all major roads in #uttarakhand to date .	1
seems vijay bahuguna has no time to utter a few words of comfort to the people of #uttarakhand , who are dealing with life & death .	2
press , shri rajnath singh's appeal for relief to uttarakhand flood affected people , , initiates'daivi aapada peedit sahayata samiti for uttarakhand flood victims . .	1
huge number of people stranded in uttarakhand disaster , being rescued batch by batch .	1
uttarakhand flood , india's northern states battered by monsoon , 78000 stranded death toll reaches 80 photos .	1
uttarakhand flood , a body is found lying on the ground after flood-waters began receding at ganga ghat , death toll .	1
tibetans in-exile come forward to help uttarakhand flood victims yahoo ! news india .	2
this bahuguna fellow is himself going to need a relief fund soon .	2
uma bharti meets press , calls for environment friendly development in uttarakhand .	2
bjp , congress opposed ecology protection plan in uttarakhand hindustan times .	2
google have tried to find person's who effected in #uttarakhand kindly click on .	1
uttarakhand floods , over 1100 roads damaged , 94 bridges washed away .	1
floods/landslides in uttarakhand & himachel pradesh , particularly rudraprayag , kedarnath and badrinath .	1
uttarakhand flood , indian air force deploys 6 more helicopters for relief 511 civilians rescued so far .	1
we must appreciate parle-g co for to save so many peoples in uttarakhand .	2
harbhajan singh , uttarakhand flood was a sad , unbelievable experience .	2
94 bridges washes away in uttarakhand , government sources .	1
15000 figure grossly exaggerated , but modi undoubtedly faster on the draw in uttarakhand , writes coomi kapoor .	2
uttarakhand , chopper crash lands in harsil , no casualties .	1
special trains for uttarakhand flood victims studio , .	1
uttarakhand flood , 50 policemen & more than 1000 people are still missing , 800 people rescued and at least 50 died in kedarnath .	1
uttarakhand relief , army to concentrate efforts in kedarnath tomorrow about 5500 people still stranded in kedarnath valley .	1
ap pilgrims stranded in uttarakhand the hindu .	1
angry #uttarakhand tax payer rightly questions why all this security force for one rahul gandhi when people are dying .	2
3 itbp jawans presumed to have been washed away with floods in kedarnath , surface after 72 hours .	1
army column along with a jcb is clearing landslide at patal ganga , joshimath , uttarakhand .	1
this is the list of rescued people with name , address and city also includes 10 from #nepal .	1
i appeal to all bjp workers in uttarakhand to provide every possible help and relief to flood affected people .	2
modi\'s visit , rahul\'s absence , congress , bjp play politics over uttarakhand tragedy .	2
#uttarakhand mayhem helplines , haridwar 09760534054 09760534055 dehradun 01352-622131 .	1
narendra modi lands in uttarakhand , flies out with 15000 gujaratis jun 23 , 2013 , 02.06 am tnn anand soondas .	1
may god give inner strength to the survivors and disaster victims .	2
manoj goel , a senior advocate in the supreme court , has been stranded in uttarakhand with 3000 others .	1
hats off and salute to our armed forces jawans who are rescuing people in uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand , all pilgrims stranded in jungle chatti evacuated .	1
if any of your friends/family members are stuck in uttarakhand flood disaster , leave a message here to control room .	1
hats of to indian army .	2
and you are there for many , selflessly .	2
i added a video to a playlist uttarakhand flood , epidemic fears looms large .	2
from tonight , we start the campaign to do our bit for the survivors of the uttarakhand tragedy .	1
my brother kumar srivastava is mising in gourikund , please help me find him 08826090382 .	1
lack of coordination hampered rescue work , shinde in pics , kedarnath , home minister sushil kumar shinde .	1
today saw a trust requesting peple in kolkata to contribute to the uttarakhand for help felt proud .	2
uttarakhand flood victims now battling nightmares .	2
felt embarrassed after visited uttarakhand , he also called vijay bahuguna to inquire .	2
first batch of west bengal pilgrims returns from uttarakhand the hindu .	1
uk floods , max damage incurred defines scope of state disaster management capabilities to be developed .	2
recent pictures of kedarnath temple pictures are released by army rescue team , .	1
uttarakhand monsoon rains kill 10 , at least 10 people are killed in landslides and flooding .	1
should salute indian army for the rescue operation .	2
the bjp today criticised the congress for making political statements over the uttarakhand tragedy , saying the .	2
modi to visit flood-ravaged uttarakhand .	1
floods sweeps buildings in uttarakhand .	1
iaf says 100 sorties conducted , 1300 people rescued from uttarakhand and other flood hit areas .	1
celebrities donating charity is big news , but no one bothers to talk about the jawans who are picking up rotten corpses in uttarakhand !	2
cil donates rs 50 cr for uttarakhand flood victims , coal india limited has announced to donate rs 50 crore for .	2
it's very clear now that the uttarakhand government is not keen to give reporters access to interior areas .	2
up , chhattisgarh bjp mps , mlas will donate one-month salary to uttarakhand flood victims .	2
need to asses climate change , says ndma chief , cautioning that the uttarakhand disaster may be a warning .	2
light to moderate rainfall likely tomorrow , uttarakhand met .	1
uttarakhand , mass cremation conducted in kedarnath amid fears of epidemic outbreak .	1
flood washes cars away in india , fast moving floods from monsoon rains wash away cars in uttarakhand , india , .	1
clip shows modi said he is helping everyone in uttarakhand but media whores just forgot about it .	2
uttarakhand flood , hundreds feared dead , 65000 stranded special rescue teams sent to kedarnath .	1
uttarakhand , met forecast wasn't actionable , says chief minister vijay bahuguna .	1
a relief camp has been set up by mp team at shanti kunj uttarakhand to extend every possible assistance to affected .	1
uttarakhand flood video many homes destroyed .	1
tihar inmates donate rs 10 lakh for uttarakhand ibnlive .	2
join hands with us at star tv network and goonj to help the flood victims of #uttarakhand .	2
may god bless everyone and bring peace .	2
narendra modi lands in uttarakhand , flies out with 15000 gujaratis .	1
uttarakhand , list of people brought to sahastradhara helipad today .	1
the met has predicted heavy rains for uttarakhand today .	1
iyc uttarakhand workers help uttarkashi flash flood victims team 08-21-2012 .	1
it is very difficult to make an estimate of casualties , chadha , dg itbp .	1
uttarakhand floods , government appoints duggal as nodal officer .	1
#uttarakhand soldiers can die for us but are they good enough for our banks to lend money to them .	2
uttarakhand , mountaineering institute musters up teams for rescue operations .	1
why dont you bloody stay in gujarat you killer .	2
as epidemic threat looms , seers clear mass cremation at kedarnath .	1
bihar chief minister nitish kumar contributes rs 5 crore for uttarakhand flood victims .	1
krishna distruct pilgrims killed in uttarakhand flood studio , .	1
rss doing a marvelous job in uttarakhand-relief .	2
so far , indian army & itbp have saved 7,000 people in uttarakhand .	1
#uttarakhand governmentt claims 557 people have died so far , estimates 15000 .	1
technology for a cause , tracking 3200 records , might be useful for people searching for their kins in uttarakhand .	1
i am vary sad for kedarnath hadasa .	2
uttarakhand , about one lakh moved to safer areas , says minister .	1
#uttarakhand survivors forced to buy water for rs 200 , chips for rs 100 .	1
death toll in #uttarakhand rises to 1000 .	1
let all india be together in paying homage and offerings prayers .	2
thousands await rescue in flood-hit uttarakhand .	1
sources , uttarakhand government rejected 24 choppers offered by gujarat govt for rescue work in the flood affected areas .	1
uttarakhand floods , several families lose their loved ones in barasur .	1
indian govt requesting fellow citizens to contribute to its relief fund .	2
complete manmade disaster in uttarakhand the media gets it all wrong as usual .	2
1000 stranded pilgrims sighted in kedarnath mountains , about 1000 more pilgrims stranded in .	1
dear friends please pray for #uttarakhand people .	2
speaker of uttarakhand vidhan sabha has officially declared that the number of persons who have died there is more than 10k .	1
shri has directed all bjp workers to stop #jailbharo & engage in uttarakhand flood relief , .	2
not given to mindless jingoism but post #uttarakhand , have no hesitation in saying that the #army is india's #pride .	2
feeling very sorry for the people who died or injured in uttarakhand flood .	2
uttarakhand flood , delhi ministers , mlas to contribute one month salary economic times .	2
uttarakhand , 104000 stranded people rescued so far , road connectivity restored to 1636 villages out of 2375 .	1
congratulations to indian air force and indian army for brave and untiring efforts to rescue uttarakhand victims .	2
national disaster response force , sends 12 teams to uttarakhand , over 10000 tourists stranded in badrinath .	1
got disturbed by the news of uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand flood , 157 of 671 tn pilgrims rescued , tamil nadu government today said 157 of the total 671 .	1
andhra got 7000 of its citizens out of #uttarakhand a week back .	1
mobile clinic with doctor on board from art of living roaming in the uttarakhand to treat the flood victims .	1
kedarnath , idols , nandi survive cloudburst , flood .	1
donate funds , gehlot appeals to people for help to uttarakhand flood victims .	2
searchable database of people rescued from #uttarakhand , .	1
centre releases an amount of rs 145 crore from state #disaster relief fund to #uttarakhand .	1
it is wrong for toi to say that all pilgrims at kedarnath have been rescued .	2
wonder why is the media asking for declaring the uttarakhand flood havoc as national disaster !	2
rahul dravid donated 53 lakhs to uttarakhand relief fund hats off sir .	2
do not disturb the nature otherwise more happings like kedarnath .	2
uttarakhand news , uttarakhand rescue work set to wind up iaf , army teams to stay on , news .	1
uttarakhand floods really horrible destruction all around-life tenuous .	2
death toll in uttarakhand touches 1000 , killer rain may return in 48 hours hindustan times .	1
ask for help from uk , usa and use chinook helicopters they are big and carry and number of people's at a time .	2
uttarakhand monsoon death toll rises above one hundred , 500 still missing , .	1
i hope the people stuck in uttarakhand are rescued as soon as possible !	2
volunteer doctors today rotation/uttarakhand airlift to jollygrant .	1
harbhajan singh stuck in uttarakhand rains , tweets he's fine .	1
we should honor and give cash rewards to indian army for saving innocents lives in uttarakhand as say thank you .	2
relatives trapped in uttarkhand floods , no respite for these bangaloreans citizen matters , bangalore news .	1
uttarakhand flood , stranded karnataka pilgrims begin their journey back .	1
urgent , donate for animal relief in #uttarakhand , mules/horses starving to death .	2
the 5 villains of uttarakhand disaster almost instantly , the uttarakhand flood and landslides that caused .	2
cong asking bjp why did not sushma , jaitly visit uttarakhand like they questioned where was rahul interesting .	2
uttarakhand floods , army helpline no , 1800-180-5558 1800-419-0282 track live updates , .	1
as much as you want to remain updated on the progress in #uttarakhand , it is heartening to read the stories .	2
14500 people rescued by army in uttarakhand .	1
Dead , 20000 still stuck in uttarakhand more rains likely , .	1
we are mining twitter , news/blogs/wikis to help #uttarakhand floods response , updating hourly , .	1
uttarakhand , darryl castelino , the air force officer who died in a chopper crash , to be .	1
those who are advising against visit #uttarakhand , should understand that it's a calamity & one should not take it negatively , it can happen any part of world .	2
this tragic incident in uttarakhand is the fury of nature .	2
roads from joshimath and rudraprayag have opened but those in kedarnath are still trapped .	1
modi shouldnt have stood only for gujaratis .	2
6000 gujarati pilgrims back home from uttarakhand indian express .	1
uttarakhand floods , immediate call for relief-action .	1
uttarakhand cm bahuguna headed to switzerland , what do you think .	2
nothing left in kedarnath except temple , evacuation complete .	1
there is gandhi sarovar dam just above kedarnath which caused max destruction .	2
thousands may be dead admits uttarakhand government .	1
25 deaths reported near kedarnath due to extreme cold weather & lack of food/drinking water .	1
people still stranded in uttarakhand , vary from 10000 to 65000 .	1
if you are searching for your friend/relative who gone missing , share their photo & details with , .	1
you have done a great job in uttarakhand , it brought me years in my eyes .	2
you can donate to clothes , food , bed sheets to uttarakhand .	2
praying for my family and muluk people in uttarakhand hope everything will be fine soon god save all .	2
#uttarakhand helpline numbers , chamoli , 0135-2434167 haridwar , 09760534054 dehradun .	1
uttarakhand horrors .	2
indian army cheetahs take off from joshimath helipad for govindghat where attempt is on to make a helibridge .	1
this was our beautiful kedarnath temple before the cloud burst , hope to see it regain it's glory soon - har har mahadev .	2
no one should be subjected to such horrors , let alone people who just avoided death .	2
railways to carry relief material free for uttarakhand flood victims .	2
150 dead in uttarakhand flood toll may rise , prime minister manmohan singh calls disaster in hill state most .	1
armed forces officer says in the coming days people will starve of death in huge numbers .	2
very shaken up about the flash floods in uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand , weather department says it had urged government to evacuate people .	1
uttarakhand rains , harbhajan singh turns counsellor for stranded pilgrims , tourists .	1
just in , pm announces immediate relief of rs 145 crore for uttarakhand .	1
delhi police to donate one day's hafta collections for #uttarakhand flood relief !	2
how you could contribute for uttarakhand disaster relief niti central .	2
its quite ironic that people who survived the kedarnath flood , are owing their survival to god .	2
not only its own but nations did uttarakhand ignore lessons from past calamities at its own peril .	2
may god give strength .	2
around 123 bodies recovered from kedarnath temple alone .	1
contact number for sending assistance/relief is as under , bjp central office , 011- 23005700 fax , .	1
srk donated 10,00,00,000 for uttarakhand victims sachin donated 51,00,000 for uttarakhand victims .	2
uttarakhand flood , old couple recall nightmarish experience .	2
almost everyone from #kedarnath have been evacuated , 17 bodies recovered today .	1
gujarat cm deputes 5 secretaries to uttarakhand for relief , cm of mp deputes a minister with team .	1
incredible india !	2
thousands missing in kedarnath , death toll may zoom .	1
don't miss today's with we will discuss is this man-made tragedy rishikesh yadav , himashu thakker 1/2 .	2
modi did in uttarakhand what even bahuguna couldn't do , india needs modi .	2
uttarakhand rains , .	1
uttarakhand , 207 dead , thousands missing 50000 still trapped , .	1
spanish stupor dissipates rahul gandhi to visit uttarakhand today .	2
vhp volunteers rush to help uttarakhand pilgrims , vhp has appealed to put the affected devotees car .	1
sonia unhappy with bahuguna government work style uttarakhand disaster ohh god source failed this time .	2
tata group has decided to donate 1 day salary of all employees for uttarakhand flood victims , its accounts to 75 crore .	2
watch the exclusive images of nature's fury in #uttarakhand on zee media right now .	1
uttarakhand , 200 rescued , 500 still stuck in badrinath .	1
you cannot let hundreds of thousands of people visit ecologically fragile religious places like kedarnath .	2
150 lives were taken in northern india .	1
bahuguna turns down modi's offer to reconstruct kedarnath shrine yeah , we heard , like a week back .	2
about 200 of 1200 from karnataka stranded in uttarakhand rescued , new delhi/bangalore , june 20 , about 200 of .	1
rip , 3 itbp jawans lost lives during rescue .	1
first pics of devastated kedarnath shrine in uttarakhand .	1
#uttarakhand floods , dhari devi's wrath myth or reality .	2
google launched an online software from which people can search there missing relatives in uttarakhand , .	1
rescue teams in #uttarakhand are troubled by calls from influential people to rescue their kin first .	2
6 people killed in uttarakhand flood , exclusive video , .	1
uttarakhand , 550 people dead , 14000 still missing , the army , which has been at the forefront of rescue .	1
uttarakhand live , jungle chatti evacuated , over 40 people still trapped in kedarnath , says itbp .	1
total of rs 195 crore will be given to uttarakhand from ministry of tourism .	1
flood live updates , met office predicts another cloudburst in uttarakhand over 33000 rescued , 50000 still stranded .	1
with shri ji's statement on shri kedarnathji temple re-development , we can expect to revisit our dream holy .	2
government left us in cold to die .	2
moving first person account of the destruction of kedarnath , only the temple remains intact .	1
after 65 years and multiple tragedies such loose cannons continue to fire , apologise first , then give gyaan !	2
this is link from which people can search there missing relatives in uttarakhand please spread .	1
in chopper half of the space is occupied by shameless media journos .	2
uttarakhand floods relief nos , uttarkashi 01374-226126 , chamoli 01372-251437 tehri 01376-233433 , rudraprayag 01732-1077 .	1
manish tewari lies exposed uttarakhand victims were charged by railways .	1
destruction has truly arrived here 3.5 magnitude #quake rocks in #uttarakhand .	1
widespread destruction in uttarakhand , vijay bahuguna .	1
i am uploading some pictures of army relief work in uttarakhand .	2
great sadness at events in northern india , kedarnath flooded .	2
a rescue chopper crashes in uttarakhand , no causalities , tv reports .	1
let us be prepared for another tragedy as media desecrated sanctum sanctorium at kedarnath temple .	2
very good of akhilesh yadav to offer help to uttarakhand , offered 25 crores immediately to meet the calamity challenge .	1
no epidemics reported , evacuation of the elderly a priority .	1
sad heart warming pic of a survivor pleads with a soldier to allow .	2
need help of army & govt .	2
uttarakhand , government says no threat of diseases 20 bravehearts to get guard of honour .	2
salute to the indian army men who rescued more than 15,000 people in uttarakhand !	2
people have been rendered homeless in uttarakhand .	1
uttarakhand , at dehradun airport , wall plastered with hundreds of photographs of those missing , just .	1
uttarakhand flood , disaster natural but damage man-made , indiscriminate .	2
undertook aerial survey of parts of uttarakhand .	1
the cm seems to be shrugging off queries by the television media while visuals show a wide struck calamity .	2
good night and god bless .	2
this is a crazy , unbelievably good , very depressing report on the situation in uttarakhand .	2
bjp and cong are playing blame games on twitter for uttarakhand tragedy .	2
uttarakhand flood , iaf deploys special aircraft for rescue operations .	1
why national parties with huge fund base like rs 2k pay for uttarakhand flood victims or it is only for bribing voters .	2
bad news pours in chopper services suspended in uttarakhand due to bad weather .	1
nothing left in kedarnath except the temple , flood survivor says , it was shocking to watch a place .	1
army doing more than great word .	2
why rahul gandhi silent over uttarakhand flood studio .	2
see pic , after uttarakhand flood one kid is missing from 10 janpath .	1
shinde , bahuguna & gen bikram singh pay homage to officials who lost their lives in chopper crash in uttarakhand .	1
uttarakhand floods , 40 bodies found in haridwar this morning , forty bodies of flood victims were today recover .	1
to save the hills in uttarakhand , stop pilgrimage tourism .	2
uttarakhand flood , bjp postpones jail bharo agitation economic times .	2
what happened at #kedarnath that night .	2
uttarakhand government needs only money for pilgrims by tourism but no interest to save their lives , ecology of himalayas .	2
death toll may raise to 1000+ now .	1
dhanraj rawat himself saved 30 lives & transported 300 to safer places .	1
media poodles are relieved pappu is away , had he been here he'd have asked uttarakhandis , floods spinning .	2
earthquake of 3.5 magnitude jolts uttarakhand .	1
do some charity for #uttarakhand .	2
indian army launches operation ganga parhar , for rescue in #uttarakhand .	1
correction , the kedarnath temple has been half submerged the market and hotels around reduced to rubble .	1
flood-ravaged uttarakhand to get 150000 us aid .	1
kedarnath in debris , thousands of pilgrims remain stranded .	1
iaf launches operation rahat to help stranded pilgrims & tourists in uttarakhand & hp , .	1
lets do our little bit .	2
heavy loss of life , limb and property in uttarakhand .	2
loudest voices on mismanagement in #uttarakhand are staunch supporters for nuclear plants in india .	2
i salute the armed forces & all those who are courageously dedicating themselves to relief work across uttarakhand .	2
president to donate one month's salary rs 1.5 lakh for uttarakhand victims .	2
shinde banned politicians from visiting uttarakhand because he didnt like people asking .	2
news , 22.03.2013 , #dehradun , shocking tales of human apathy to the sufferings of #uttarakhand flood victims have .	2
uttarakhand floods , 1025 people from haryana rescued .	1
read about support in managing the people in uttarakhand much appreciated , god bless .	2
donate some money if you can for uttarakhand flood help using prime minister relief fund .	2
pm says rs 1000 crore will be given to uttarakhand as relief and rs 145 crore will be released immediately .	1
flagging off relief material for #uttarakhand victims is the most disgraceful exploitation of a tragedy .	2
uttarakhand flood , hundreds feared dead , 65000 still stranded .	1
uttarakhand floods , 15000 rescued so far , scores still missing , with the flash floods wreaking havoc .	1
people praying together for the safety of uttarakhand flood victims as namaz & special puja being performed in mosques , temples in kanpur .	2
help us spread a word for flood relief and reconstruction in #uttarakhand .	2
sikhs provide langar to uttarakhand flood-hit victims .	1
uttarakhand calamity a national tragedy , narendra modi .	2
deforestation is massive in #uttarakhand must have contributed to monsoon fury .	2
Black marketeering started in #uttarakhand as supplies run short .	1
all employees from all firms of tata group will give 1 day's salary for #uttarakhand , approx 74cr .	2
dear friends please contribute something for this uthrakhand relief .	2
#uttarakhand flood , medical aid sent to victims .	1
look at the sheer scale and efficiency of those rescue operations in uttarakhand !	2
praying for all the victims of the uttarakhand floods !	2
no never been there i'm leaving for kedarnath somehow to give food & clothes to stranded .	2
it isnt often that a rational man agrees with a thackeray .	2
harbhajan singh donates rs 10 lakh for #uttarakhand flood victims , .	2
uttarakhand floods person finder please .	1
report in today's prajavani , rss to help in tracing missing pilgrims in uttarakhand .	1
death toll in #uttarakhand monsoon floods crosses 150 by .	1
a month before retiring , a heroic contribution in uttarakhand .	2
exclusive , kedarnath temple post disaster video the times of india .	1
it gives me immense pain to hear about the people still stuck in debris at #uttarakhand .	2
packet of glucose biscuits sold at rs 500 why isn't the local uttarakhand govt issuing no charges norm for all the people stuck .	2
sonakshi's father , veteran actor shatrughan sinha , has donated rs 50 lakh for the rehabilitation of the flood .	2
the worst part is feeling sad for the stranded pilgrims of kedarnath , hope they all come out safe man !	2
cloudbursts and landslides in uttarakhand , 8000 stranded .	1
no suggestions on twitter yet on where to give funds for uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand , bad weather hampers rescue operations at badrinath , 800 still await evacuation .	1
rudraprayag bridge after the flood , nh 58 , #uttarakhand .	1
website which will help you to search missing relatives in #uttarakhand please and spread .	2
my understanding of the uttarakhand calamity .	2
watch the uttarakhand flood here in all its fury , scary video .	1
my heart goes out to all those families in uttarakhand affected by the aftermath of torrential downpour .	2
narendra modi , shivraj singh and even kiran reddy sent aid and rescue teams to kedarnath .	1
a jcb machine clears sludge off a road near srinagar for traffic from rudraprayag .	1
some believers say that rahul gandhi will emerge from the center of a sub-merged temple in uttarakhand , at midnight today .	2
uttarakhand , almora , bageshwar , pithoragarh helpline numbers are 09456755206 , 09634535758 .	1
uttarakhand flood , rescue operations are not enough .	2
we have set up this twitris instance to help monitor uttarakhand flood crisis , cc .	1
india news uttarakhand flood fury , thousands missing , 62000 stranded .	1
#uttarakhand is a fine example on how #nature knows how to level stuff back , more so , tragedies bring out , .	2
extremely urgent doctors required from anyplace in the country .	1
50000 people stranded in gangotri , kedarnath and other places in uttarakhand .	1
flood victims , dmrc officers to contribute one-day salary .	2
imd predicts more rains over uttarakhand the hindu .	1
uttarakhand speaker , number of dead in floods could cross 10000 .	1
who is responsible for recent disaster of uttarakhand union government .	2
uttarakhand , prime minister manmohan singh , sonia gandhi to visit kedarnath today .	1
in uttarkashi , uttarakhand , flash floods triggered by heavy rains wash away houses along the river , .	1
live news of north india floods , uttarakhand worst hit .	1
what about are much hyped mobile telephony network in uttarakhand it is sure that its very very poor .	2
army , number of people stranded , in harsil 1500 , kedarnath 5000 , yamunotri 700 .	1
bahuguna again turns down modis help offer in uttarakhand .	2
seeing extremely disturbing visuals of floods in uttarakhand .	2
google launched a new tool to find missing people in uttarakhand please share .	1
#uttarakhand dhari devi statue removed despite protests a day before the disaster .	2
swayamsevaks engaged in relief and rehabilitation .	1
a victim tells that the government is making no effort to retrieve human bodies in kedarnath which have become food for dogs .	1
50 photos , indian army , rss at rescue operation uttarakhand 2013 , .	1
our response team has started work in 10 most affected villages from 1st phase of immediate response in #uttarakhand .	1
good evining friend so sad happening in uttarakhand i pray to god to save their situation & human life .	2
contributed for #uttarakhand sufferers still no idea how it's being used doubtfull if used for only for aerial surveys by mins .	2
modi govt donated only rs 5 cr for #uttarakhand relief works while up govt gave 25 cr .	2
uttarakhand flood , bihar bjp leader rescued , bihar bharatiya janata party leader ashwani choubey and his .	1
nasa satellite pre and post images of uttarakhand flood .	1
sending 1 truck of relief material to uttarakhandand on 24 june , need medicines & other items .	1
rss people doing rescue work at uttarakhand , .	1
the first choice to revamp kedarnath temple is modi he is the one who can transform this region please do it sir hats off to you !	2
uttarakhand , rescue efforts gather steam , 40 choppers deployed .	1
no kedarnath-badrinath pilgrimage for three years .	1
been in paradise 3 years back and now watching the devastation in news .	2
upa government can spend 100 crores on social media to promote their party but only 1000 crore for the #uttarakhand flood relief .	2
uttarakhand donors from abroad , kindly note fcra a/c-no-00750100003060 .	2
major environmental conservation effort needed in india to restore the dignity of our rivers !	2
minister of home affairs rpn singh gives an update on the situation in uttarakhand , singh says the government's first .	1
indian soldiers at uttarakhand flood , .	1
respect + uttarakhand flood rescue operation #respect .	2
this relief material is lying here for past 3 hours .	1
video , uttarakhand floods , priest stuck in temple .	1
#alliwannado is to slap rahul gandhi for just showing fake concern about victims of uttarakhand .	2
i pray for them everyday and will donate .	2
the false propaganda of rss/vhp about uttarakhand flood rescue has exposed .	2
uttarakhand floods , rescue operations resume after brief halt , after a brief suspension due to bad weather .	1
they probably thought its some hindu communal sanghi giving false warnings to protect kedarnath .	2
chief appeals people to extend every possible help for the uttarakhand flood victims .	2
helpline numbers are , 0135-2710335 , 0135-2710233 .	1
delhi sikhs have set up langar at gauchar for victims of uttarakhand victims .	1
mib , mi26 to continue to operate in #uttarakhand to maintain supply of aviation fuel & for rescue work .	1
must appreciate the way different states are coming forward to help uttarakhand brothers and sisters , cm's must be hailed .	2
at this time of crisis , #uttarakhand cm should be huddled in rescue and relief management insted of drawn into a ridiculous debate on timesnow .	2
madhya pradesh cm shivraj chouhan sends special team to rescue pilgrims stranded in uttarakhand .	1
people of india , they don't need .	2
the #media seems more interested to touch that #death #toll to 1,000 rather than reporting #uttarakhand .	2
#uttarakhand floods , rain fury death toll may cross 1000 the economic times .	1
an idea , for sarkar to contact horse unions in places like manali , kinnaur to ask some horsemen to migrate to ferry loads .	2
mandakini river crosses danger mark .	1
uttarakhand pilgrims governmentt did not help us .	1
dangerous rock falls still line the road in #uttarakhand after uttarakhand floods .	1
manish tiwari , when we make vvip surveys we keep the rescue work in mind .	1
meanwhile every army man there in uttarakhand deserves a christopher nolan movie .	2
my ex-colleague has been missing since 17th june in uttarakhand .	2
indian youth congress relief materials for uttarakhand please .	1
you can only question modi and bjp if questioning governance failure in #uttarakhand is poltics , then .	2
uttarakhand chopper crash , itbp constable cremated with state honours .	1
uttrakhand rain disaster info , rescue operation in ramban & kedarnath ,	1
need your help in uttarakhand situation , rescue operations going very slow , please call dr. manish semwal at 07579-160246 , he is there .	2
tata group donated one day salary of employees for relief purpose of uttarakhand the amount thy donated is 750 crores .	2
food prepared by swayamsewaks & women of rss families in #uttarakhand .	1
my heart goes out to the flood affected people in #uttarakhand dreadful sight .	2
uttarakhand floods , thousands still stranded , rescue operations nearing end nearly a fortnight after deadly floods .	1
now , tihar inmates give financial help to uttarakhand flood victims a section of prisoners along with tihar jail .	2
neither film-industry nor business-industry is coming forward to help the victims in uttarakhand how .	2
uttarakhand rescue operations to end today , 2000 still stranded .	1
picture of gujarat chief minister meeting uttarakhand counterpart today evening .	1
uttarakhand , death toll rising after rain , hunger begins to kill hindustan times .	1
crpf donates one day salary to pm's relief fund for uttarakhand victims , crpf donates one day .	2
i urge more volunteers to come forward for the uttarakhand relief work , you may contact swami divyanand on +919627057932 .	1
pawan kalyan donates rs 20 lakhs for uttarakhand flood victims .	2
vijender singh negi kept hanging from kedarnath temple bell for 9 hrs in water while standing over floating corpses , .	1
pm , sonia aerial survey of flood hit uttarakhand studio .	1
narendra modi to conduct aerial survey of flood-hit uttarakhand zee news , modi to conduct .	1
humble request to the authorities to start plantation & do it in a scientific way which will preserve soil & will be less landslides kedarnath .	2
cops are enjoyng that food which is for flood victims and they are also charging money for that food .	1
uttarakhand , sonia gandhi flags off relief mission after narendra modi's rescue act .	1
uttarakhand tragedy , air india slashes base fare to half from dehradun .	1
kedarnath fury speechless .	2
helplines for maharashtrians stuck in uttarakhand 09869140663 or 098187793 or 02222027990 or 02222816625 or 02222854168 .	1
uttarakhand is not so bad .	2
#uttarakhand , at least 450 people evacuated by helicopters from badrinath today .	1
bjp mp's have already donated one month's salary for uttarakhand flood victims .	2
sikhs offering langar , free food , to the stranded pilgrims in #uttarakhand .	1
uttarakhand , rescuers look for survivors , hundreds go missing .	1
uttarakhand flood leaves amitabh bachchan distressed .	2
myth , superstition , curse , verity , monstrous coincidence or just another nature's fury uttarakhand , , , .	2
government should have banned this journos for a while #uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand crumbles under nature's fury , watch these stark videos that tell the horror story !	2
hearing stranded locals pilgrims clearly understands total failure of bhaugana government uttarakhand .	2
sir , aren't you ashamed of yourself going to #uttarakhand after sending a miserly 2 crore for relief work !	2
#uttarakhand disaster was man made , not natural , due to constructions all around .	2
every eye witness from haridwar to kedarnath say thousands body swept .	1
live video june 2013 flash floods in uttarakhand , himachal pradesh .	1
uttarakhand government report says evacuation will completed within 72 hours if weather permits .	1
kedarnath temple safe but out of bounds for a year bahuguna .	1
uttarakhand flood , sonia gandhi to flag off relief material on monday .	1
salute to indian army , vhp and rss .	2
woman with her 2-month-old baby rescued from uttarakhand flood video .	1
uttarakhand , rescue efforts in full swing toll 58 , 70000 stranded .	1
have you seen modi's presence in uttarakhand made the difference on rediff yet you should and now .	2
uttarakhand , it's a race against time as weather , hunger threaten thousands of lives .	2
About 2500 pilgrims from andhra stranded in uttarakhand .	1
all trapped in kedarnath have been rescued .	1
bhakts say , don't do politics over #uttarakhand flood !	2
what happened in uttarakhand is unfortunate but we knew it was coming .	2
it's really tragic that the temple which is responsible for so many death is still standing .	2
trekking/mountaineering/climbing groups needed to reach missing villages in #uttarakhand .	2
already floods uttarakhand lo padalsina , bokka , padipoyindhi , pradhaana , manthri , varya .	1
was , that he is an indian and how he wished he could pray at the kedarnath shrine !	2
let's pray for those stranded in uttarakhand flood area .	2
i wish all cm's of this country also have similar sense of urgency or shri should become pm immediately .	2
#uttarakhand flood washing a building away at kedarnath .	1
i bow to these civilians who selflessly build a rope way for villagers of uttarakhand in 3 days .	2
help for uttarakhand flood victims may be sent at my dehradun collection centre madhuban rajpur road .	2
uttarakhand flood toll may be in thousands .	1
uttarakhand , choppers evacuate over 500 people from pithoragarh , 200 villages devastated , pithoragarh , uttara .	1
after manmade disaster at kedarnath , next in turn may be lavasa .	2
happy to hear that you have donated a good sum towards the uttarakhand floods .	2
uttarakhand , rescuers race against time as 22000 stranded , 1000 feared dead .	1
government busy on taking bjp internal matter monsoon live , my family is in kedarnath , no news for 2 days .	2
uttarakhand calamity a national tragedy , narendra modi .	1
sonia gandhi should donate her swiss account held funds for #uttarakhand relief .	2
how you could contribute for uttarakhand flood relief .	2
he went to uttarakhand to save the gujaratis because , you know , they are an endangered species .	2
india floods , thousands still stranded in uttarakhand news live , news today , news online , news business , market news .	1
modi annouced more 3 crore assitance to uttarakhand government .	1
please help to find my best friends parents they are missing at uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand floods kedarnath temple intact .	1
we could see bodies floating in the ganga , uttarakhand flood survivor .	1
uma bharti lambasts bahuguna over uttarakhand tragedy .	2
everybody is talking about the plight of uttarakhand pilgrims .	2
4 army alh , dhruv , & 7 cheetah helicopters deployed for insertion of paratroopers in cut off areas & evacuat .	1
dear raina please donate half or full amount to flood victims of uttarakhand .	2
pray for all those trapped and those who have loved ones trapped in uttarakhand to find the strength to remain hopeful .	2
ritual cleansing of the kedarnath shrine to start today .	1
well , fb pages started posting about #uttarakhand flood now , when they realized its on .	2
alaknanda swallowed 500 vehicles along with a chopper in govind ghat .	1
must give it to rahul gandhi for at least being consistent .	2
uttarakhand , rescue operations likely to end today in many areas ibnlive , ibnliveuttarakhand , rescue .	1
death toll may cross 1000 in uttarakhand , vijay bahuguna .	1
aicro kotdwar branch team going to rudraprayag and kedarnath with co pauri to distribute 5000 food packets to victims of kedarnath .	1
what will rahul say in uttarakhand flood water is everywhere .	2
Uttarakhand , 8000 still trapped in kedarnath region .	1
insurers gear up to address uttarakhand flood claims , four public general insurers to .	2
over 800 people stranded in rain-ravaged uttarakhand back in rajasthan ibnlive .	1
see how rahul gandhi runs away from angry people of uttarakhand !	2
we take and take and take from nature .	2
as the death toll in #uttarakhand increases i would request each one you to say a silent prayer for the deceased and the people still stuck .	2
there are a lot of choppers flying close to home !	2
kedarnath floods , armed forces step up rescue operations , kedarnath evacuated .	1
bad weather hampers india floods rescue army suspends rescue helicopter flights in uttarakhand state due to .	1
sushma , manish play uttarakhand politics over dead bodies on twitter .	2
dont give communal color to this heartfelt gesture because of kedarnath .	2
uttarakhand flood-ravage , 40 bodies found in hardwar , death toll soar to 200 .	1
google created person finder for uttarakhand flood vicims .	1
i added a video to a playlist uttarakhand , national disaster management vp speaks on the situation .	1
please donate generously to rss's flood relief efforts in uttarakhand .	2
narendra modi led rescue efforts in uttarakhand are not publicity gimmicks yo !	2
uttarakhand friends please pass this info to army and authorities 200 people are stranded around bhairon temple .	1
flag #officers will lead #uttarakhand rescue on foot , if weather comes in , birds can't fly , that is #leadership !	2
prayers for uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand floods , survivors thankful to army for a second life .	2
fears of attack on amarnath yatra gross exaggeration , omar .	1
disturbing and distressing visuals coming from uttarakhand !	2
just got one of our staff members back from kedarnath alive with his family after 7 days of ordeal and anguish he learnt a tough lesson .	2
heavy rain forecast for next 3 days in uttarakhand , met office says heavy to very heavy rainfall , of up to 25 .	1
shocked at the visuals of the floods in uttarakhand .	2
#uttarakhand flood , 14 choppers pressed into service , operations started since 7 am , says piyush rautela , director of uttarakhand's dmmc .	1
prayers for the uttarakhand flood victims .	2
at least 200 people are still left to be evacuated , .	1
i want #teamindia to donate all the prize money for #kedarnath relief .	2
5000 people are already feared dead in uttarakhand .	1
heart go out to the families of those who have lost their lives & those who have suffered injury or loss of property in #uttarakhand tragedy .	2
uddhav thackeray targets modi for his parochial approach in uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand aftermath , authorities should not compromise with the fragile deccan chronicle .	2
it is really sad about kedarnath temple .	2
chhattisgarh sends chopper to flood-ravaged uttarakhand , .	1
#uttarakhand , pilot at sahastradhara by heli reports nearly 250 people stranded across river in maneri .	1
congressional news , uttarakhand floods , congress takes a potshot on modi's contribution , cong .	2
a moment of prayer for those who suffered the floods in uttarakhand and kedarnath .	2
#uttarakhand flood , 157 of 671 tamil nadu pilgrims rescued , reach chennai .	1
#uttarakhand devastation is incalculable .	2
the animals of uttarakhand still need help , 3000 mules and 1500 equines stranded there are believed to be 3000 .	1
video watch stunning footage of flood waters washing away a 3-storey building in uttarakhand .	1
gujarat cm offers to complete reconstruct #kedarnath including the parisar .	1
the real superman please stand up !	2
in pictures uttarakhand floods scary visuals , .	1
uttarakhand govt spends crores on ads giving itself credit for rescue operations .	2
name/contact info of major hospitals in dehradun .	1
uttarakhand flood is a man made tragedy .	2
death toll may cross 1000 , uttarakhand cm says .	1
thinking of all the people in uttarakhand and the loss of life .	2
moved by the tragedy of unprecedented flooding and landslides in uttarakhand , india , hhdl expresses his sympathy .	2
uttarakhand floods , congress takes a potshot on modi's contribution .	1
uttarakhand floods , crpf , cisf personnel donate one day`s salary troops of paramilitary forces crpf and cisf .	2
presence in uttarakhand made the difference .	2
following uttarakhand cm vijay bahuguna , about 500 roads and 175 bridges have been destroyed by landslides .	1
uttarakhand helpline numbers following is the list of uttarakhand control room numbers , district-wise .	1
no doubt what all happened at kedarnath was natural disaster , but government needs to question themselve after all they are responsible for cause .	2
uttarakhand floods one of the big disaster of india but central govt must pay attention about implementation of help sent as money , things .	2
58000 poor people stranded in uttarakhand .	1
where are those critics .	2
15000 tourists stranded due to landslide in uttarakhand .	1
dear god , divert all the rains from uttarakhand to mumbai , its supposedly monsoon time here .	2
so cockpit flies out from #uttarakhand with 15000 gujaratis but secular left numerous biharis stranded .	2
today media is also playing politics instead of concentrating on uttarakhand calamity .	2
work by army and itbp people is commendable in uttarakhand .	2
several stretches of road cave in and minor landslides create new blockades in #uttarakhand .	1
online donations to the pm relief fund for #uttarakhand through .	2
not a good time to say this but uttarakhand disaster is largely of our own making .	2
here is 1st hand account of #uttarakhand tragedy which tweeted .	1
the west bengal government today offered assistance to its uttarakhand counterpart and said arrangements should .	1
uttarakhand flood , pm assures bahuguna of all assistance with flood situation in uttarakhand remaining grim , .	1
still alive we #salute these guys must share this #uttarakhand save life give life .	2
according to chief secretary of uttarakhand airlifting from from harsil has begun , 2000 people still stranded there .	1
kedarnath totally cut-off , can be reached only by air , itbp .	1
heart goes out to all affected in uttarakhand .	2
google launches person finder to help people .	1
even as armed forces slipped into the final phase of relief and rescue in uttarakhand , state government .	1
have trust in lord shiva !	2
maitri , plastic sheets/tarpaulin/ flex material required at #uttarakhand .	1
crores of rupees get stolen from #kedarnath , seriously no more humanity left in india .	2
uttarakhand flood , relatives of lost people have no hope .	2
google launched missing person finder for uttarakhand flood .	1
uttarakhand floods , failure of administration leads to more chaos watch video , the .	2
uttarakhand , navy marine commandos , deep-sea divers , according to navy officers , two teams of marcos , .	1
see hardest hit areas in uttarakhand .	1
namaz and puja for uttarakhand flood victims in kanpur .	2
uttarakhand flood , army opens alternate route tehri , rescue in full-swing .	1
monsoon mayhem , helpline number for pilgrims in uttarakhand are 0135-2710334/335/223 .	1
abp news has compiled detailed list of 4565 missing people in uttarakhand .	1
workers preparing food packets for flood victims in .	1
pray to uttarakhand death people .	2
once the bridges get operational light vehicle can move to badrinath & kedarnath .	1
heart is sad for our brothers & sisters of uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand government to check overcharging by taxis , hotels , uttarakhand government is all set to launch a .	2
gujarat cm visits rss office of flood relief campaign in uttarakhand .	1
google launches crisis response map for uttarakhand flood victims .	1
uttarakhand flood death toll increases , heavy rains may hit rescue operations .	1
the indian army makes us proud .	2
uttarakhand crisis , visual images obtained by ibn 7/cnn ibn show kedarnath mandir and market being reduced to rubble .	1
shiv tandav greed & arrogance crosses all bounds , next the western ghats .	2
map showing how much forestland diverted .	2
i support action against #tv channels who filmed/walked inside #kedarnath temple and desecrated religious sentiments .	2
response by corporates to #uttarakhand tragedy has been downright disappointing , except for a few of them .	2
the #uttarakhand calamity is heart wrenching .	2
there is something else too apart from the ct victory the indian population have to focus on .	2
kedarnath shrine in ruins hindustan times .	1
please standby prime minister manmohan singh to give statement on uttarakhand flood situation at 5 pm today .	2
uttarakhand , rains delay rescue work , over 9000 stranded .	1
renuka should be awarded for most lies helicopter landed in uk for some time due to bad weather only uttarakhand .	2
uttarakhand , over 10000 rescued today 22000 still stranded .	1
oxfam to give dry food , blankets to #uttarakhand flood victims .	1
b-town disturbed over national tragedy in uttarakhand .	1
blanket ban on construction of houses , commercial hubs near river banks , uttarakhand cm .	1
meenakshi lekhi , we want uttarakhand flood to be declared as national calamity .	2
Atleast 5000 may have been killed in uttarakhand , says state minister , north , news india today .	1
uttarakhand toll reaches 150 , rescue efforts on , aid provided from all over the country .	1
this is actually what god did at kedarnath .	2
5 lakh without food & shelter 3068 still missing , 2357 houses destroyed , 4200 villages in desperate need .	1
gujarat ready to take responsibility of renovating the kedarnath temple complex .	1
army launches biggest human rescue operations in uttarakhand , reaches isolated people facenfacts .	1
a caveat against punditry , are roads and development the villains in uttarakhand flood india today .	2
update , exacuation of 500 people from kedarnath stalled temporarily due to bad weather , rain and low clouds .	1
is the #uttarakhand tragedy a man made prelude or aftermath or is it a smoke signal from mother earth of what is yet to come !	2
rss uttarakhand relief fund , account details .	1
Sonia gandhi , rahul gandhi & sheila dikshit flagoff relief material for uttarakhand flood victims .	1
what has happened at kedarnath & rest of uttarakhand is tragic .	2
please dont give money to city ngos like goonj or uday foundation with no base in uttarakhand dont give money as of now .	2
